After six weeks of streptomycin shots and a total of eleven weeks of rest in bed we have conclusive proof that the ulcers in my bronchial tubes have not healed. 
The short period of the streptomycin inhalations could not have brought on the results if the ulceration had even partially healed. 
To try further would mean many more months of bed rest more shots and inhalations  I can't remain at the hospital for the winter months and a prolonged stay at a rest home is out of the question. 
I did some figuring  the weekly rate there the amount of streptomycin for shots and inhalations plus the doctor's weekly visits would total to over $200 a week.
I can't bleed my family for any such amount of money, and that means that as soon as the money I have in my checking account runs out I would have to return home.
back to the same conditions which caused me to go downhill so steadily. 
It's a vicious circle from which there seems no escape. 
I could of course use up the money from the sale of our furnishings and silver as well as some I put aside for the furnishing of our home but all it put together would be like a drop ion the bucket.
besides I am now convinced that my condition is too chronic and therefore a cure doubtful.
I have long ago prepared myself for the time when I reached the end of the trail. 
I feel calm and at peace and grateful that I can go to sleep painlessly.
I feel justified in terminating a life which no longer holds any hope of having the essentials which make it worth living.
I did desperately want to get well hope of a reunion with the children work which I loved.
But it was not to be I am defeated and exhausted physically and emotionally.
Please tell the children that I loved them always and that my love has never faltered.
I grieve that I could not have had the joy of being close to our babies, but that is no one's fault.
Thank God they are well with my passing all menace to their wellbeing will have disappeared.
It was mostly my fault, please forgive me.
I wish with all my heart that they might have been better rewarded All of you, my dear ones, I ask to keep my memory alive in your hearts
To live on in the hearts of our dear ones is all that I can conceive of immortality. Please think of me kindly.
Now that it is all said I feel at peace.
I want Dr. B. to officiate at my funeral. I think Joe would like to have him with him at that time.
I am said that I must go just a few days before your birthday, but it so happened to pan out. 
I see no good in incurring the expense and misery of the bronchoscopy. 
I wish I could spare you the ordeal you have ahead, try not to grieve.
I ask all of you, my dear ones, not to mourn my passing. 
Be glad I am at least free from the misery of the bronchoscopy. 
I wish I could spare you the ordeal you have ahead. Try not to grieve. 
I ask all of you, my dear ones, not to mourn my passing. 
Be glad I am at least free from the miseries and loneliness I have endured for so long and that at last I'll have peace and rest.
It seems as if I have been spending all my life apologizing to you for things that happened whether they were my fault or not.
I am enclosing your pin because I want you to think of what you took from me every time you see it.
I don't want you to think I would kill myself over you because you're not worth any emotion at all. 
It is what you cost me that hurts and nothing can replace it.
To who it may concern.
Though I am about to kick the bucket I am as happy as ever. 
I am tired of this life so am going over to see the other side.
My mind always warped and twisted  has reached the point where I can wait no longer.
I don't dare wait longer until there is the final twist and it snaps and I spend the rest of my life in some state run snake pit.
I am going out and I hope it is out Nirvana, I think the Buddhists call it which is the word for "nothing." 
That's as I have told you for years, is what I want. Imagine God playing a dirty trick on me like another life!!!
I've lived 47 years there aren't 47 days I would live over again if I could avoid it.
Let us, for a moment be sensible. I do remember if the partnership agreement provides for a case like this
but if it doesn't and I think it doesn't, I would much prefer I haven't time to make this a legal requirement but, I would much prefer that you, as executrix under my will, do not elect to participate in profits for 2 or 3 years or whatever it may be that is specified there. 
There is no reason why, under the circumstances of my withdrawal from the firm, they should pay anything more.
I could wish that I had, for my goodbye kiss, a .38 police special with which I have made some good scores not records but at least made my mark.
Instead, I have this black bitch -- bitch, if the word is not familiar to you -- but at least an honest one who will mean what she says.
The neighbors may think it's a motor backfire ,but to me she will whisper Rest Sleep
I hope further and I don't insist that you have the ordinary decency -- decency that is -- to do so -- Will you see Valerie through college -- she is the only one about whom I am concerned as this .38 whispers in my ear.
May her guts rot in hell.
I loved her so much but she wanted me dead.
So I want to curse her back.
I did do some black magic on her
You cops will want to know why I killed them, well, just let us say that I lived 61 years too many and got fed up of life.
People have always put obstacles in my way making me sad and upset about life.
One of the great ones is leaving this world when you want to and have nothing to live for.
I am not insane. 
My mind was never more clear so I decided to suicide. 
It has been a long day, I just hate myself. 
What is a few short years to live in hell, that is all I get around here.
No more I will pay the bills.
No more I will drive the car.
No more I will wash, iron & mend any clothes.
No more I will have to eat the leftover articles that was cooked the day before.
This is no way to live.
Either is it any way to die.
Her grub I can not eat.
At night I can not sleep because murder is what comes to my mind.
I married the wrong nag-nag-nag  person and I lost my life.
to the undertaker.
We have got plenty money to give me a decent burial. 
Don't let my wife kid you by saying she has not got any money.
Give this note to the cops because I want them to see how badly they treated me.
Give me liberty or give me death.
You win, I can't take it any longer, I know you have been waiting for this to happen. I hope it makes you very happy, this is not an easy thing to do, but I've got to the point where there is nothing to live for, a little bit of kindness from you would of made everything so different, but all that ever interested you was the dollar.
It is pretty hard for me to do anything when you are so greedy even with this house you couldn't even be fair with that, well it's all yours now and you won't have to see the Lawyer anymore.
I wish you would you give my personal things to Danny, you couldn't get much from selling them anyway, you still have my insurance, it isn't much but it will be enough to take care of my debts and still have a few bucks left.
You always told me that I was the one that made Sharon take her life.
In fact you said I killed her, but you know down deep in your heart it was you that made her do what she did. 
and now you have two deaths to your credit, it should make you feel very proud.
P.S. Disregard all the mean things I've said in this letter, I have said a lot of things to you I didn't really mean and I hope you get worst and wish you the worst of everything.
Cathy don't come in call the police.
Call your mother, she will know what to do.
Cathy don't go in the bedroom you will not like to see me hanging from the ceiling.
When a "man" doesn't know where to take his wife then she isn't a wife any more 
I hope you will be "free" to take anyone any place and I'm sure you will not have any trouble as to places.
Please don't tell my mother the truth
your whole tribe is partly responsible for this from your mother on down hope they are satisfied with me gone.
About the Evil god is true so I am seeking his help. 
About the Evil Seers killing people for their money yes. 
I am a profit at my death. 
I am a root of the stem of Jesse yes. 
We have made many discoveries on the after life and how human sacrifice ca be better.
We have found out who the people with the mark of the beast are.
And the devil was a human being now killed and cast into hell and the angel with the keys of the bottomless pit is in hell casting out all the good souls which these evil people have cast into hell. 
The good Seers who serve our God are 1/3 to 2/3 of the evil ones in this world. 
We are better than holding our own but in Heaven God is almost over come and I kill myself so I may go and help him. 
because I have a funny little quirk in my brain which helps. 6 palmy each at a few years sport. Our god will send them into the world.
I am going to attack the building today. 
Annette found out that we were planing about the bombing. 
Ask Cara about the attack. 
I love you all.
Please tell Ron's folks I love them very much but my heart breaks when I see or hear from them. 
Also all our friends especially Irene and Charles and Ella I love them also. 
Forgive me for not seeing them and taking this decision. 
Everyone seems so happy and I am so alone.
I wanted to visit you but I am going around in a dream loosing my mind. 
Alice I wanted to help you paint but how could I with a broken heart. 
And my head aches so much any more my nerves are ready to break and what would happen if they did. 
You will say I am crazy and I can't go on this way just half living. 
I loved this house once but now it is so full of memories I can't stay here. 
I have tried to think of some way to go on but can't. Am so nervous all the time I loved Ron too much but is that a sin, with him gone I have nothing. 
Oh I have the girls and family but they don't fill the vacant spot left in my heart.
Xmas is coming I can't go on I'm afraid I would break down. 
I've thought of this so many times. 
I love every one but I can't be one of you any more. 
Please think kindly of me and forgive me to why I took my life.
I only hope this is fatal then I can rest and no more trouble to any one. 
Do with Lisa whats best I know she has been a lot of worry to mama and I'm sorry.
I tried to keep the yard up that seemed to be the only comfort I had. 
I loved it but that wasn't anything, I've lost every thing so why go on. 
I worshipped Ron and when he went I lost my whole world and everything. 
I'm so tired and lonely. 
There goes a siren.
how can I stand being left. 
I need to go to a Dr but I am afraid and so cold.
Remember what I told you and always respect, protect and obey your mother and always remember that I love you so much. 
I am going to leave you forever because I am too sick to go on. 
God bless you my Son and when your time comes to go to Heaven you will find your ole Pappy waiting for you.
Please forgive me for what i have done. 
I have tried to be good to you both. 
I love you both very much and wanted to get along with you both. 
I have tried but failed Miserably.
I have wanted to go out with you and Dad but I was always afraid to ask for I always felt that the answer would be no. 
And about Bud, I want to dismiss every idea about him. 
I don't like him any more than a companion, for a while I thought I did but no more, in fact, I am quite tired of him, as you know, I get tired of everyone after a while. And mother, I wish that you hadn't called me a liar, and said I was just like Hap as I'm not. 
It is just that I am afraid of you both at times, but I love you both very much. 
I want you to, and don't think for one minute that I haven't appreciate everything you've done
	To love you as I do and live without you is more than I can bear. 
I love you so completely, wholeheartedly without restraint. 
I worship you, that is my fault. 
With your indifference to me is the difference. 
I've tried so hard to make our lives pleasant and lovable, but you didn't seem to care. 
You had great plans which didn't include me. 
You didn't respect me That was the trouble. 
You treated me like a child but I couldn't reach you as a man and woman or man and wife as we've lived.
I let you know my feelings toward you when I shouldn't have. 
How I loved you, what you meant to me. 
Without you life is unbearable. 
This is the best way This will solve all our problems. 
You can't hurt me further and anyone else. 
I was a "toll" while you needed me or thought you did.
But now that I could use some help, you won't supply the need that was prominent when you need it. 
So, good bye my love. 
If it is possible to love in the hereafter, I will love you even after death. 
May God have mercy on both our souls. 
He alone knows my heartache and sorrow and love for you.. 
My boss, Kenneth J., seduced me and made me pregnant. 
He refuses to help me now after what he did. 
I had not had intercourse in two years. 
He says that I will have to suffer through it by myself. 
Several people know about this my doctor, Dr. James R., and Pete M., who works at Willams. 
Pete and I never had a love affair, although Kenneth would like to drag Pete into it. Also, Dr. Arnold W. knows about it I have always been such a good girl. 
As much as it hurts me, I cannot make it this Friday. 
I may be in very serious trouble. 
I have always been a very good person, but it looks like I really got in a mess, through no real fault of my own. 
I must have been born to suffer.
When will Sally be back? I may need her desperately. 
For 23 years we lived happy together till recently. 
Our married life was ideal, until two years ago when I witnessed Kristy die in the hospital something snapped in me. 
You remember when I returned from the hospital I broke down. 
That was the beginning of my illness. 
Since then my condition was getting progressively worse, I could neither work or think logically. 
You have been through "Hell" with me since then. 
Only you and I know how much you have lived through. 
I feel that I will not improve and can't keep on causing you and the children so much misery. 
I loved you and was proud of you. I loved the children dearly and could not see them suffer so much on account of me. 
To No-one and Everyone.
Because of a growing conviction that a hereditary insanity is manifesting itself beyond my control, I am taking this way out.
before mere nuisance attacks and rages against others assume a more dangerous form.
Because I am an agnostic and believe funeral fanfare to be nonsense.
I ask that it be forgotten. 
Instead, knowing there to be a marked shortage of cadavers for the medical profession, for which I have endless respect, I hereby bequeath 
my body to medics for dissection;
alsoTo Mark B. all personal effects to be divided as whim decrees 
with Dr. Lois J., L.A. and to each -- a deep fondness and love. 
To Joe A. the greatest devotion -- the kind that "passeth all understanding." And my life.
Fall quarter I called Suicide Prevention of they did not help. 
I'd called them before and the people were nice, but this time the woman acted a little indignant. 
"Why the hell do you want to do something like that?" she asked. 
We talked until she said she had other phone calls But she made me promise I wouldn't try it without calling back first. 
I had a bottle of Coricidin from a wisdom tooth operation. 
I woke up in the morning feeling really rotten weepy, groggy.
I could hardly move I thought I was going to die any minute. 
She said it happens to a lot of people, the pills hurt me. 
I felt tingly, like I might pass out any minute.
I was immediately taken in a wheelchair to the psychiatrist's office. 
I talked to him about five minutes. 
He kept yelling to me about why did I take the pills, why didn't I do this or that. 
I remember thinking, boy this man is a real jerk. 
I told him I didn't want to see him any more. 
He said, "That's fine," and put me in a locked room with bars on the windows. 
I couldn't make phone calls I felt humiliated, which made me angry. 
I'm not crazy. 
I'm not weird. 
I don't want people to look at me like I'm nuts. 
I'm not some nutty kid who tried to knock herself off. 
I was most angry at being stuck in that room. 
I expected to be put in a straitjacket any minute. 
I complained until they moved me a pretty room and let me make phone calls.
My psychiatrist kept harping at me about school was I going to stay in or drop out? I saw him ten minutes a day. 
I left feeling like not much had been accomplished, except letting me know that I didn't want to attempt it again. 
I still haven't told the two people I was most angry at -- my father and my boyfriend -- why I was in the hospital. 
A year ago March, while I was living in Michigan, I took an overdose of Elavil. 
I was seeing a psychiatrist and I was just getting off the medication. 
But the bottle was still in my apartment. I'd one out and had drinks, came home and that's when I did it
I called my boyfriend Jonathan in California and my social worker. I told them I had taken the pills. 
The social worker told me to drive to the emergency room.
Jonathan called a friend of mine, who came to the apartment and broke down the door.
I was out of the hospital in about three weeks; a week of that was in the psychiatric ward, which was a real drag.
Everybody asks "Why did you do it?" and I don't know It sounds real stupid.
Most of the time I stayed by myself There were programs for the other patients but they didn't put me in any because they didn't know how long I would be staying.
I'd tried twice, but those times weren't serious. 
The first time I was 14, and I slashed my wrists.
It was basic adolescent scare tactics. 
As a result I ended up in an inpatient clinic for teenagers for about five months. 
Almost everybody there was there because they ran away or they were doing a lot of drugs. 
I did a Valium overdose.
It wasn't very serious I just had to have my stomach pumped.
I had hurt my friends and family. 
It upset my life a lot it threw everything backwards. 
HE said the scariest part was worrying about having to decide what to do if my body kept living but I had no brain response. 
When I first woke up I didn't think there would be anything wrong with me. And then it hit me that I couldn't move. I was embarrassed that people had to see me like that.
You can't get health insurance.
You have to lie on your job applications. 
People look at you like you're dangerous. 
I tried it five years ago. 
I was at a neighbor's house and fired a gun at my head. 
Nothing happened it seemed empty. I fired it at a wall and put a bullet in it. 
So a minute later I found some Seconals in a medicine cabinet. 
I remember watching cartoons and taking the pills one by one. 
A neighbor lady found me and couldn't wake me up.
I couldn't open my eyes or move, but I heard everything. 
When I woke up it was five days later.
Turned out I was in the basement of a free clinic, a long room with rows of beds with all kinds of teenagers, pregnant girls, suicides, drug addicts. 
We walked around in gowns, smoking cigarettes and watching TV. The reason I tried was I was angry at my mother, but when she came in she just said, "Why'd you do this to try to get attention?"
Am I glad I was rescued? Oh yeah. I was so glad I didn't die. 
It made me realize how much I hate myself, because I had a glimpse of what I might have lost. 
I thought he had more problems than I did. 
I felt drugged and slow for a couple of years. 
Every now and then I'd take speed to feel normal. Downers still make me feel speedy.
If I had a suicidal friend now I would say them decide fast.
Dearest, I feel certain I am going mad again. 
I feel we can't go through another of those terrible times. 
And I shan't recover this time.
I begin to hear voices, and I can't concentrate. 
I think two people could have been happier till this terrible disease came. 
I can't fight any longer. 
I know that I am spoiling your life, that without me you could work.
If anybody could have saved me it would have been you.
I can go on spoiling your life longer. 
I think two people could have been happier than with you.
I just wasn't meant for this world! 
I hope I can find a place of peace and happiness, a place I am child enough to live, yet man enough to survive. I love you!
Pray I will find happiness. 
I hurt so bad inside!
I want it all to go away. I am not afraid to die mom. 
I'm just so afraid of tomorrow!
I ask of you one last favor don't let my spirit die. 
I hope I made a place in all your hearts and touched each and every one of you in a special way. 
I have chosen to die, but I haven’t chosen to be forgotten. 
I must find a new world, a world of peace and happiness. 
I want you all to know I am not afraid to die, only to quit living. 
I'll miss you.
The survival of the fittest. 
Adios Unfit.
I'm going to put myself to sleep now for a bit longer than usual. 
Call the time eternity.
I have no family and no friends, very little food, no viable job and very poor future prospects. 
I have therefore decided that there is no further point in continuing my life. 
It is my intention to drive to a secluded area, near my home, feed the car exhaust into the car, take some sleeping pills and use the remaining gas in the car to end my life.
I’m not sure why I’m writing this. 
I went online to look up information on suicide statistics, methods and all that stuff. 
I was raised in a family where I went to church every Sunday and was taught the importance of faith and God in our lives. 
It doesn’t matter It doesn’t help me.
I got hurt… bad… when I was a child. 
I was hurt in a way that no person, no little child should be hurt. 
I think about suicide on a daily basis… sometimes it’s all that I can think about. 
I’ve been hospitalized for suicide attempts before. 
I’ve been put on medications to help the depression… the mental disorders that doctors are so quick to diagnose. 
I’m sick of it all. 
Why should I bother trying anymore? I’m not even afraid of dying. 
I’m not afraid of pain. 
I just want to leave this world. 
Please pray for me. 
I’m tired of trying.
I have a feeling I shall go mad. 
I cannot go on longer in these terrible times. 
I shan’t recover this time. 
I hear voices and cannot concentrate on my work. 
I have fought against it but cannot fight any longer.
I must end it my life. 
There's no hope left in this life. 
I'll be at peace after i die.
It's so lonely here. 
I'm so tired of hurting and being a lone. 
I keep thinking about the pills in the cabinet but I'm scared. 
My head hurts so much from crying but if I take anything for it I'm scared I won't stop and I would want to stop.
I don't have any choice in the matter. 
To make everything better I have to die. 
I can't make it right by living. 
I'm so scared I want out but oh I don't know.
I'm so cold, please do something. 
I can't stand this empty feeling that I'm having. 
My head is horrible. 
Stop the pounding it hurts so much. 
I have no control over anything in my life. 
I'm breaking into pieces. 
Somebody do something.
I'm so cold, please do something. 
I can't stand this empty feeling that I'm having. 
My head is horrible. 
Stop the pounding it hurts so much. 
I have no control over anything in my life. 
I'm breaking into pieces. 
Somebody do something.
My kisses burn into your soul.
My touch melts upon your skin.
My eyes reflect my misery Of the darkness deep within.
I am a waste of time.
So now I shall die.
The time has come for me to move on. 
I don't come to this decision lightly, however, but now that I'm older, I've finally realized that there's a world of difference between living happily ever after and just living ever after. 
I may seem strong. But I'm not I'm just like anyone else. 
We can feel pain. 
We can die. 
And I won't be the one to destroy anyone else's hopes and dreams Never again.I'm sacrificing myself to save the countless many who would have to die if I were to live. 
It's a for cause, I figure. 
A good reason to die. 
I like to think you'd agree.
So that's it. 
i am going to suicide.
Leaving the world to be a better place.
not so much farcical as sour . 
a sentimental mess that never rings true . 
everything is off . 
I get night horrors on what they did to me.
feels like a cold old man going through the motions .
When all usefulness is over, when one is assured of an unavoidable and imminent death.
it is the simplest of human rights to choose a quick and easy death in place of a slow and horrible one.
Football season Is over.
No more games.
No more bombs. 
No more walking.
No more fun. 
No more swimming.
67 That is 17 years past 50.
17 more than I needed or wanted.
Boring  I am always bitchy.
No fun for anybody.
67 You are getting greedy.
Act your old age. 
Relax, this won't hurt.
Goodbye, my friend, goodbye
My love, you are in my heart.
It was preordained we should part
And be reunited by and by.
Goodbye: no handshake to endure.
Let's have no sadness  furrowed brow.
There's nothing new in dying now
Though living is no newer.
All fled all done, so lift me on the pyre
The feast is over, and the lamps expire.
The future is just old age and illness and pain.
I must have peace and this is the only way.
I Sebastien-Roch Nicolas de Chamfort.
Hereby declare my wish to die a free man rather than to continue to live as a slave in a prison.
And so I leave this world, where the heart must either break or turn to lead.
I don't believe that people should take their own lives without deep and thoughtful reflection over a considerable period of time.
And now, in keeping with Channel 40's policy of always bringing you the latest in blood and guts, in living color, you’re about to see another first an attempted suicide.
I am now about to make the great adventure. 
I cannot endure this agonizing pain any longer. 
It is all over my body. 
Neither can I face the impending blindness. 
I pray the Lord my soul to take. 
When I am dead, and over me bright April Shakes out her rain drenched hair, Tho you should lean above me broken hearted, I shall not care. 
For I shall have peace. 
As leafey trees are peaceful When rain bends down the bough. 
And I shall be more silent and cold hearted Than you are now.
Thank you all from the pit of my burning, nauseous stomach for your letters and concern during the past years.
I'm too much of an erratic, moody baby I don't have the passion anymore, and so remember, it's better to burn out than to fade away.
Frances and Courtney, I'll be at your altar.
Please keep going Courtney, for Frances.
For her life, which will be so much happier without me.
I myself and my wife  in order to escape the disgrace of deposition or capitulation  choose death. 
It is our wish to be burnt immediately on the spot where I have carried out the greatest part of my daily work in the course of a twelve years’ service to my people.
By now, it’s over. 
If you are reading this, my mission is complete.  
Your children who have ridiculed me, who have chosen not to accept me, who have treated me like I am not worth their time are dead. 
Surely you will try to blame it on the clothes I wear, the music I listen to, or the way I choose to present myself, but no. 
Do not hide behind my choices. 
You need to face the fact that this comes as a result of YOUR CHOICES. You have taught these kids to not accept what is different.
YOU ARE IN THE WRONG. 
I have taken their lives and my own but it was your own doing.
Teachers, parents, LET THIS MASSACRE BE ON YOUR SHOULDERS UNTIL THE DAY YOU DIE
I am at my point of no return.
I look at his body on the floor, 
Killing a bastard that deserves to die, 
Ain’t nothing like it in the world,
But he sure did bleed a lot.
Suicide or homicide.
Homicide and suicide.
Into sleep I'm sinking.
Why me I'm thinking.
Homicidal and suicidal thoughts, intermixing.
My life's not worth fixing.
He loses his lust for life.
and becomes more dangerous.
He kills with the cold.
ruthlessness of a machine.
And surrenders the satisfaction.
kill skin them all alive.
When I greet ya, meet ya with pound, 
Not the handshake, but the kind that make ya demand a wake.
THe kind that put land over your face I pop ya,    
let doctors stitch ya INFRA, will not miss ya.
It's just one of those days Feelin' like a freight train.
First one to complain Leaves with a blood stain.
Damn right I'm a maniac You better watch your back.
white trash get down on your knees,  
time for cake and sodomy.
time for cake and sodomy.
goddamn your righteous hand.
i eat innocent meat.
the housewife i will beat.
the prolife i will kill.
what you won't do i will.
i throw a little fit.
i slit my teenage wrist.
the most that i can learn.
is in records that you burn.
I put my Glock to your dome and you started to cry.
Boom biddy bye bye.
Any last prayers before you die.
Slut, you think I won't choke no whore.
til the vocal cords don't work in her throat no more? 
Texas Chainsaw, left his brains all danglin from his neck,  
while his head barely hangs on.
Blood, guts, guns, cuts Knives, lives, wives, nuns, sluts.
I hope you know I ripped all of your pictures off the wall I love you Slim, we could a been together, think about it You ruined it now, I hope you can't sleep and you dream about it And when you dream I hope you can't sleep and you scream about it I hope your conscience EATS AT YOU and you can't BREATHE without me.
Hey Slim, that's my girlfriend screamin in the trunk but I didn't slit her throat, I just tied her up, see I ain't like you cause if she suffocates she'll suffer more, and then she'll die too.
One nation under a groove gettin down for the funk of it.
Tear the roof of this mother like we did last night son.
And hit you with the bop gun.
I despise your killing, and raping You're.
Despicable.
Are you, my judge? It's just.
you should be punished.
I'm going to chop off your arm, so are you ready?
we are invading them, as they are invading us, attacking them as they are attacking us, and inflicting losses on them as they are inflicting losses on us.
honored us and so we harvested their heads and torn up their bodies in many places
The chapters have passed, but what is coming is would be even more calamitous for them, with God's help.
Muslims have commandos that can kill kings in their beds and on their horses. 
They are applying the jungle law by incriminating and killing indiscriminately.
The prophesies call for killing Iraqis, raping their women, smashing the heads of their children, and pouring death on their heads, as they have actually done.
harbor black hatred for the people of Islam. 
you must know that the Shiite creed and Islam only meet as Jews and Christians meet under the name of the people of the book. 
stabbed the mothers of the faithful, repudiated the people of Islam and spilled their blood, committed great sins and engaged in all kinds of superstitions, falsehoods, and myths.
They are the enemies so beware of them. 
The curse be on them! How are they deluded away from the truth.
They are the fault that brings the building down and the bridge on which the enemies of the nation cross.
they plundered Muslim soldiers as they passed through on their way to Egypt in the first conquest attempt. 
They robbed Muslims on highways. 
They felt depressed by Muslim victories. 
They Shiites harbor more evil and rancor against Muslims, big and small, devout and non-devout, than anyone else. 
They like insulting Muslims and their pious men. 
Their enjoy repudiating and cursing Muslim leaders, especially the orthodox caliphs and the ulema. 
They help them in killing Muslims.
I have never considered the Shiites as Israel's enemies in the long term.
killed Sunnis for no reason whatsoever except their love for the companions of Muhammad. 
I never had the misfortune of praying behind a Jew, a Christian, or a Rafidi Shiite. 
Revenge, revenge from Tikrit and Al-Anbar.
kill Sunnis in the name of the state and the law and the protection of the country and the people. 
They are the ones who killed the mujahidin, assassinated the refugees, and the eyes and ears of the Americans. 
Many mujahidin were killed by treacherous bullets that came from behind their backs at the hands of these people. 
They stormed mosques and turned them into dens for paganism and infidelity. 
They raped women and violated sanctities and are now killing and liquidating Sunni preachers, ulema, and men of learning. 
They were the bridge, which the enemies crossed to kill the nation. 
These defeatists continue to inject the nation with opium of slow death. 
These people are torture for Muslims and infidels. 
as for these, their struggle and jihad is a ceaseless and feverish race to the doors of the infidel occupier. 
They carry with them in one hand forged testimonials about the false religious knowledge which they claim to possess, and in the other hand the garbs of vainglory. 
that rights cannot be granted but are taken by force, that the country will not be liberated except by the sword.
Lofty honor cannot escape harm unless blood is spilled around it.
You are aware that the United States does not want any good for us, that it wants only to keep us unbalanced and in a state of weakness. 
the Americans and Jews and their supporters from the Al-Rafidah and the idiots of the Sunnis, the entire world will not be able to stop their advance or halt their progress.
under the pretext of fear from sectarianism and their allegations about their care for the homeland. 
They are liars.
Our enemy now and the impending threat to the jihad. 
Shall we leave them to bury jihad and uproot it under the pretext of fear from an alleged sectarian discord?
They are warning of a sectarian war and expressing care about the Iraqi blood and homeland. 
Did they care about the Iraqi blood when their military contingents were fighting side by side.
who tortured them? 
Was it not the treachery corps Faylaq al-Ghadr, the Badr Corps? 
interrogating and torturing them with his own hands?
He used to obtain all of his weapons from this regime. 
His killing was a blow to the United States.
Why should not they express pain for his killing.
given that he called acts of jihad acts of violence and a destruction of the country? 
Thus things are given false names and the agentry and treachery become one of the acceptable options. 
The killing of Al-Hakim was for us a generous act of God. 
He was full of deception and hostility to the people of Islam. 
Al-Hakim ordered his corps, the treachery corps, to shed the blood of Muslims, dishonor them, and take over their mosques. 
How many mosque did they usurp, how many honors of free Muslim women did they violate? 
How many mujahid Muslims did they kill? 
How many men and women detainees were arrested by the Americans just because of the betrayal by Al-Hakim's men? 
It is enough to know that the Americans have not arrested a single Al-Rafidah man or woman while their jails are full of men and woman detainees from the Sunnis.
Let the entire world know that we are going ahead with God's help to kill their imams and cut off their heads to avenge.
the blood that has been shed, the violated honors, and the usurped mosques. 
O snakes of evil, we will not stay our hands until you abandon our mosques, stop shedding the Sunni people's blood, and stop dishonoring our people.
May God's peace and blessings be upon him; and until you stop siding with the enemies, the Christians and Jews, in their war against Muslims.
We are pained by the strange humiliation and the utter silence with which you deal with the great battle and confrontation in this age. 
The enemies of God are aware that this war is a turning point in the world, that it is a choice between an absolute control of the infidel West, its culture, and way of life and the Islamic renaissance which is coming, God willing. 
the failure of democracy in Iraq will encourage terrorism in the world and constitute a threat to the Americans. 
British Prime Minister Tony Blair said that what is going on in Iraq today will define relations between the Islamic world and the West. 
He said that this is the basic battle at the beginning of the 21st century and added: We are at a point where the failure in Iraq will be a disaster for the entire West.
come to the rescue of the jihad in Iraq before the infidel majority besieges the mujahidin. 
if the torch of jihad is extinguished, if the breath of jihad weakens, and if the pockets of jihad in Iraq are closed, the nation will not rise until God wills it to rise. 
The noose around the entire nation will be tightened and humiliation and submission will be forced upon the nation. 
It will then receive God's punishment. 
Then our conditions will be an embodiment of what Ibn-Kuthayyir said in his book, The Beginning and the End; namely, that when people abandoned jihad they were surprised to find the Tatars at their homes. 
She would tell them: Stop, do not go. 
Then she would bring a knife and slay them all, one by one. 
They never showed any resistance. 
Thus the punishment will be followed by further punishments and the disobedience is followed by further disobedience. 
The punishment will be by full repentance. 
Repentance means jihad.
As for you, O Arab rulers, you have accepted to be shoes for the supporters of falsehood and a base in the background from which planes of killing and destruction take off. 
We tell you: Saddam has gone, unsung and unlamented. 
He was a tyrant and the enemy of God and of the messenger. 
He has gone at the hands of his US masters. 
God has honored you and by your hands, the greatest power throughout history has been forced to submission. 
Be resolute, kneel down before God, sharpen your swords, and burn the land under the feet of the invaders.
Let them taste the bitter defeat and throw them into hell. 
The mills of the fierce war have started and the battle is hot. 
Be the knights of this battle and rush toward its flames. 
Move against the Americans, against Al-Rafidah, against the hypocrites and collaborators.
We are your sons and faithful soldiers.
We promise you that we will continue this way until the last drop of our blood. 
For your sake, we will always be as pure as potable water, as a gentle breeze, and as light that shines on your path. 
And God hath full power and control over His affairs; 
but most among mankind know it not. 
Muggings are rife ,old folks scared.
murder is common, issues are flared.
alcohol rampant, drugs are abused.
jails full of people guilty, accused.
Shopkeepers terrified, windows are barred.
faces all torn ,ripped or scarred.
children are hanging around all night.
facing all people ,often they fight.
Anti- social behaviour alive in our day.
people are nervous and dare not say.
Police are overstretched, taxes are high.
does anyone care? except you and I?
Its only when you suffer you can relate.
to people in pain all the time.
they cannot take medicine ,cannot get relief.
its like your being punished for a crime.

You cannot think never rest.
your body just wants to scream.
it isn't self inflicted it isn't what you want.
your not in a nightmarish dream.

keep taking the medication.
is the advice we all get.
so we watch the clock in vain.
you might as well prepare yourself.
because inside its just gonna rain.
give the tablets a chance.
they do not work miracles.
they take a while to adjust.
but just as you think there's a glimmer of hope.
your brain feels as if it will bust.
Eventually you awake.
the pain all gone.
you see life from a different view.
but you cannot forget the agony you suffered.
or when the next time it will be due.
We all suffer in life at one time or the other from pain, some pain never goes away, some pain is dull, some just irritates you in the background.
We all know the complexities of the human body and what we can expect suffering from different pain.
Been feeling a little off lately, lost, lonely, etc. 
I put a new blade in my razor knife this week and drug it down my arm a few times very slowly just enough so a little blood surfaced and leave a little scab. 
I made me feel better. 
So the next day at work when in the briars I took a big ol briar limb and snapped it off and run it up and down my arms and it gave me total relief of something and ive felt so much more alive and no I dont feel any guilt about it. 
Will do it again very soon when I start feeling off again if thats what it takes to keep me going. 
Does anyone blame me? The briar limb made me look like ide been in a fight with a big dam cat. 
Blood was running all down my arms. 
It felt so good. 
I felt like a totally different person. 
My views and outlook on life change when I do this, No its not normal to the average person but it is for people like me. 
I see nothing wrong with it.
i am a very violent person.
this thing of violence came in me from few years i tried to figure it out why its because the pain inside becomes so much that its intolerable we try to tell others to people we might think friends, loved ones, or family etc., 
but inside pain is so much and we can't understand and control it.
and others don't understand our situation or problem they think its minor phase or not much pain in their eyes.
our pain is nothing compared to others etc.
increasing our heart tears making us feel bad, useless, dustbin kind of our life or a person with no life or a living dead the depression exceeds the limit.
the pain becomes so high that no one understand not even we and even slightest thing make us mad about things and we scold others for our problem.
tell others they are reason for our situation, blame them for everything or ourselves.
cry in heart or when no one around but in front of others like we are happy or okay.
try to forget self in any kind of addiction. 
feel like no one loves us, the world is bad we try to overcome it by positive or good thoughts.
try to calm us down but when situation comes we just cross our limit and when our violent anger comes down we feel guilty.
sorry and hate us for not able to control self-most of us people talk less as we try to control our mouth and aggressive nature but many time no use.
we can only be understood by those people who are in our situation. 
we want a lot of love a thing we can love the most and forget or overcome our pain hidden inside.
I hurt myself cuz i lose control over things.
i cant ever since i was 10 my parents fight a lot.
i found that this was the only way to get them to stop my addiction to drugs.
so i cut i fell and jumped and ran to everything then they got divorced.
but they still fight and scream and it still bothers me that i cant stop it that i cant help.
i went to them for help but all they did was say to stop they would send me away.
thats way worse just want to stop but am afraid am addicted to self injury.
i just wanted them to stop fighting now its tearing me apart.
I'm just going to type some random ramblings to distract me from this urge to self harm.
 can I just say, I hate the picture for this group, all are just ugly?
I don't want to do this but I find it so hard to resist. 
You being a complete douche right now and making me cry.
my really crappy day and I don't think I can hold out much longer. 
I feel so much worst when I see my skin crack, bleed and break but all the same I'm fighting.
I guess I should've learnt by now, there's no point in fighting because I am dumb.
I always lose.
I like the feel of a thin razor going across my skin, not very deep.
thin razor going across my skin just enough to feel it and see the blood surface. 
I have this urge to injure myself, usually when im bored or frustrated and misunderstood about something stupid.
At least once a week or more I find a spot of poison oak on my hand or and arms and I prefer to let it swell up enough so I can scratch it hard enough to break the skin good. 
Then I like to burn them closed with cigarettes. 
A nice swift whack across my shins with a good ol stick of wood works pretty good. 
I bite my fingernails off to the point my fingers bleed.
when there isnt enough left to chew on my fingers Ill go to chewing my on my fingers and cuticals. 
I often use my razor to cut my cuticals and callases off. 
I dig around in my hand with my razor often looking for thorns that arent there anyways, but just like exploring I guess. 
I pick my scabs constantly and make them bleed more.
I really have the urge to self injure I just do it and enjoy it, it calms me. 
It helps slow down my thoughts, the thoughts of death, homicide, etc. 
Its that I want to commit suicide or harm someone.
I get thoughts of it all the time just out of the blue about random situations to commit suicide or harm someone. 
They are strong enough that I get myself confused as to where I dont know if its a real situation or not.
I have my off days where for no reason I want to die and visualize it happening.
what it would feel like, I wonder who would it impact and who would care or miss me. 
I often have daydreams of someone close to me dying and wonder how I would react to it.
I dont know and cant feel any emotion about it. 
Im lost and dont know what way to go. 
I had it all not to long ago and now nothing but friends and wouldn’t trade them for all the money in the world. They are the ones that get me through most days.
When someone doesnt return a call, respond to a text, or do what they say their gonna do I slowly start into that rage and have very evil thoughts of harming them.
but turn it on to myself instead of harming them because  it is too much of a risk.
I was doped up ready for bed and in a daze last night when I wrote this. 
YES, I do have the urge to self harm. 
The other thoughts of hurting others are usually arguments I start with people I dont know inside my head.
it gets pretty severe at times to the point to where I cant be around others because Ill get paranoid.
Then I think ways to kill them so that no one will ever find their bodies.Maybe I've simply become less patient with idiots and stupid turds. 
In a mundane situation, like picking up food I've ordered from a cafe or restaurant, I will get annoyed with the cashier stupid behavior to the point where I get angry.  
Shut the fuck up asswipe and just give me my food.
quit wasting my time and give my order.  
Oh you may think you're cute but you're not.  
I genuinely feel anger in that moment over some dickhead kid for wasting my time.  
If my mental powers were such that my intention or wish came true, the asswipe would spontaneously combust and be dust in the wind.  
Seriously, I can get riled up enough that I complain to the person's manager.  
I'd like it if all such nuisances were fired from their jobs and I didn't encounter them in the daily routine of things.
I do get physically violent with people.
but it seems that I get easily frustrated with people or situations.
I get frustrated to the point where I'm grinding my teeth. 
I have to leave the room otherwise I might scold everyone for no reason.
I like saying anything hurtful to anyone.  
I wish I could learn not to get so upset about things.  
I let little things build up until I feel like a pressure cooker and the lid is about to blow.
I have struggled with my anger issues since I was a about 18. 
I am ashamed because I did something so violent today. 
I was having a bad morning, and was in tears at my house before I woke my daughter up to take her to preschool. 
The whole way to the school, was spent fluctuating between faking a smile and talking sweetly to my beautiful girl and then obsessing in my head about all of my stress.
I was overwhelmed with too much on my plate. 
She said it rudely and condescendingly. 
She scolded me as she would a 4th grader. 
So, I immediately felt stupid and I was already so upset, I just snapped. 
I dropped the f-bomb on her. 
I knew the second it came out of my mouth that I had made a huge mistake I should have slapped here right across her face.
That lazy ass deserved it many levels to be treated like an animal.
I started shaking and I had tears in my eyes. 
She was rude but she did not deserve that. 
My reaction was acceptable because she started the fight and used filth first. 
I cannot take it back now. 
I know who she is but I cannot apologize because she is a low life 
I don't know that I would have the guts to anyway. 
the principle actually mentioned the outburst in her comments. When talking about the car pool line she said "I will not tolerate anyone cussing out one of my teachers. 
Which happened this morning." Half the crowd gasped in disbelief and disapproval. 
My body went numb, I thought I was going to faint after hearing the news. 
I actually wanted to slink away and die. 
No one actually knew she was talking about me, but I felt like they did. 
I feel like I have given all power away like I cannot be involved with the school at all. 
My daughter has been there for 5 days and has 8 years left and I feel like I have ruined it. 
I want to run away. 
I took my letter to the parents meeting, but I did not give it to anyone because I was afraid. 
I thought about giving it to the principle and apologizing to her and asking her to give the letter to the teacher since I did not recognize her. 
But I was afraid of they will lose it can kill me for no reason.
I have struggled with my anger issues since I was a about 18. 
I am ashamed because I did something so violent today. 
I was having a bad morning, and was in tears at my house before I woke my daughter up to take her to preschool. 
The whole way to the school, was spent fluctuating between faking a smile and talking sweetly to my beautiful girl and then obsessing in my head about all of my stress.
I was overwhelmed with too much on my plate. 
She said it rudely and condescendingly. 
She scolded me as she would a 4th grader. 
So, I immediately felt stupid and I was already so upset, I just snapped. 
I dropped the f-bomb on her. 
I knew the second it came out of my mouth that I had made a huge mistake I should have slapped here right across her face.
That lazy ass deserved it many levels to be treated like an animal.
I started shaking and I had tears in my eyes. 
She was rude but she did not deserve that. 
My reaction was acceptable because she started the fight and used filth first. 
I cannot take it back now. 
I know who she is but I cannot apologize because she is a low life 
I don't know that I would have the guts to anyway. 
the principle actually mentioned the outburst in her comments. When talking about the car pool line she said "I will not tolerate anyone cussing out one of my teachers. 
Which happened this morning." Half the crowd gasped in disbelief and disapproval. 
My body went numb, I thought I was going to faint after hearing the news. 
I actually wanted to slink away and die. 
No one actually knew she was talking about me, but I felt like they did. 
I feel like I have given all power away like I cannot be involved with the school at all. 
My daughter has been there for 5 days and has 8 years left and I feel like I have ruined it. 
I want to run away. 
I took my letter to the parents meeting, but I did not give it to anyone because I was afraid. 
I thought about giving it to the principle and apologizing to her and asking her to give the letter to the teacher since I did not recognize her. 
But I was afraid of they will lose it can kill me for no reason.
When I'm really mad quite often I explode like a volcano.
My face turns red and my voice rises up.
I hate it !
I get so mad about stuff. 
So angry that i can actually feel my blood pressure rising. 
I get so irritated with people that I have a hard time being pleasant sometimes.
I do usually freak out on complete strangers. 
I thought about going to a hypnotist I wonder if that would work. 
I really don't have a clue how to control this and I don’t want to because I want to be violent. 
I am not going on any stupid medication which I don't think helps the true problem, just curbs a symptom.
I just had to get this off of my chest before I harm someone.
Its that I try to be anti-social.
that wouldn't like to get on with the people around me better. 
Its just that I get overwhelmed by feelings of anxiety. 
My mind keeps telling me that I'm not good enough and that nobody wants to hear my voice. 
I just feel timid and afraid whenever I'm confronted by a social situation, so most of the time I avoid them.
why is it that i always find myself alone?
why is it that i always seem to enjoy a lot of time by myself?  
why is it that i struggle to get to know people? 
why is it that i struggle to start a conversation? 
why is it that i hide my emotions, and never express the way i feel to family and friends?
why do i shut myself away from the rest of the world? 
why is it that whenever i try to socialize, for the most part, i dont enjoy myself? 
why is it that a lot of things that most people i know love doing, i just dont enjoy myself?
why do i always feel so negative about myself? 
why do i always think that people are talking about me and saying bad things about me behind my back? 
why do i always doubt myself? 
why do i always think that no one cares about me? 
why do i always feel left out?
but the only problem with that is, that i dont even think i know myself at all!!! 
almost on a daily basis i ask myself all these questions, and i still haven't come up with any answers!!! 
why am i like this?
I am evil I want to how much? 
is it something you do then people consider you being evil to the maximum? 
My pain is constant and sharp and I do not hope for a better world for anyone.
In fact I want my pain to be inflicted on others. 
I want no one to escape the pain I am going through. 
But even after admitting this and I have, countless times, in just about every act I've committed and coming face to face with these truths.
there is no catharsis for me. 
i gain no deeper knowledge about myself, no new understanding can be extracted from my telling. 
There has been no reason for me to tell you any of this. 
This confession has meant nothing.









