life is a dream come true . 
he also starts to miss his family , not just for their company , but for the security they bring . 
the furnace in the basement is a monster , the old man next door is a snow-shovel murderer , and two crooks are trying to break into his house . 
macaulay culkin is cute but he is much of an actor . 
still , we can see that kevin's character grows , thanks to some good direction and editing . 
for example , acting has little to do with the emotional impact of the scene where kevin searches out a seasonal santa at night , just as " santa " is getting in his car . 
kevin asks the man to pass on his request he wants his family back to the real santa . 
he learned how to deal with the. 
you turn on the lights and it's not so scary anymore . 
he goes to a church one evening and there he sees the snow-shovel murderer , who actually turns out to be a nice man . 
they talk about their and kevin learns that age alone does not make you less afraid . 
finally , in the last 20 minutes , kevin confronts his last the, head on literally. 
this last act is full of violent comedic slapstick , and after the movie's genuine dramatic setup , it is dessert . 
it's a lot of fun , and it doesn't overwhelm the rest of the movie . 
on the whole , home alone is a great holiday movie . 
john williams' original score has the sound and feel of holiday music without the disadvantage of being overplayed at the malls , and the christmas setting can put you in the mood for those family gatherings . 
but it does have its flaws . 
the smallest problem is that culkin doesn't act very well . 
as i said before , he is cute , but repeated viewings reveal more about how columbus covered himself than about culkin's insight into his character . 
the biggest problem is that during the cartoony coda , the villains kevin's life about five times . 
some might argue that the tone is the same , but i agree . 
mixing comedy with specific and viable of is a faux-pas . 
i'll probably never see home alone 3 , and i wish i had skipped home alone 2 , but i do enjoy home alone almost every year . 
let your impressions of the others detract from the original , which has much more to offer than cartoon slapstick .  
to premiere in key west during the height of the cuban missile crisis . 
he hopes to capitalize on the tense moment by providing an escape for the town . 
we see most of the events through the stories of four teenagers and how life affects them . 
quick and easy review : i really enjoyed matinee . 
the mixture of comedy and tension blended nicely . 
unlike many comedies this film tries , and succeeds , in getting past the stage of doing anything for a laugh . 
the makers of the film also cared about telling an intelligent story . 
the performances of all the principals are right on the mark , particularly john goodman as the schlock master . 
so i would definitely recommend this film to anyone looking for a light hearted , yet interesting way to spend a couple of hours . 
longer , more detailed review : [beware of spoilers] 
the primary reason i enjoyed this film was , that while being a comedy , the film also had an intelligent story to tell . 
too many comedies today subscribe to the the notion that a comedy need only make you laugh . 
you watch the movie , laugh a lot , leave the theatre and take nothing with you . 
matinee is not like that . 
i left the picture thinking about what i would do faced with the cuban missile crisis . 
i found myself wondering what would happen to the characters of the film . 
but most importantly , i found myself caring about what would happen to the characters . 
the comedy of the film centers around goodman , his character , and the film he brings to key west . 
i believe that goodman is one of the finest comedic actors in the business today . 
he is highly expressive both physically and vocally . 
i felt he at least deserved an oscar nomination for his work in barton fink . 
the other characters are often lost in a scene with him due to his commanding nature, however , while the star , goodman is actually not at the center of the film . 
the movie is really the story of the four teenagers, discovering who they are and what they want , against a background where at any minute it could all end . 
i thought the kids reaction were highly realistic. 
they tried to block it out , they tried to escape from the concerns of their world . 
unfortunately it kept creeping back in , particularly with the fear , and the chaos of the time . 
while the comedy centered on goodman , and the drama on the teens , there was a great deal of overlap . 
several aspects of the panic are shown in a humorous light . 
one example is a scene where people are fighting each other for the last cans and boxes of food in a grocery store . 
if you think about it the threat of nuclear annihilation seems hardly to be the backdrop for a comedy , but it works here . 
another reason i like this film is that i like b science fiction movies. 
one of my favorite films to go watch is plan 9 from outer space . 
 note i did not say it was one of my favorite movies , but one of my favorite to see .
while mant ! 
never got made , many films like it were , and mant ! 
serves mostly as dante's homage to the b-films he loves . 
so again i would like to recommend matinee to anybody looking for a good , humorous story . 
this is a gag film like many other comedies but an intelligent , well-thought out , film about real people with real problems told in an often hilarious way enjoy !  
when star wars came out some twenty years ago , the image of traveling throughout the stars has become a common place image . 
when the millenium falcon moves throughout the stars , we see constellations , meteor showers , and cool space ships . 
when han solo goes light speed , the stars change to bright lines , going towards the viewer in lines that converge at an invisible point cool . 
october sky offers a much simpler image that of a single white dot , traveling horizontally across the night sky . 
was it really only forty years ago , when sputnik was launched , and that before then , no satellites ever existed ? 
have we become so technologically advanced that we have forgotten that it was nearly two generations ago where people stood outside to breathlessly see a then-technological achievement , even though it was from the russians ? 
it sounds hokey , but when that scene occurs near the beginning of october sky , i found myself caught up with the enthusiasm of homer hickam , played by jake gyllenhaal . 
determined to make a dent in the space race , he becomes transfixed with his desire to make a rocket that could fly like the best of them . 
it is films like this that we know the ending as we buy the ticket . 
when lovely teacher miss riley ( played by laura dern ) , suggests that he enters his findings into the national science fair , we know exactly who is going to win . 
but the joy in a film like this is in the little details . 
for example , homer is clearly not the strongest student in his class . 
if he has any strengths whatsoever , it is an undeterring vision , and a good organizer . 
it means that he may have to lose his reputation by associating with the nerdiest kid in school , who knows more about rocket science than he does . 
it means that if his father forbids him to shoot rockets on company property ( that is , the entire coal-mining town ) , he must walk eight miles one way , just to set up the rockets , which will. 
homer dad is played by chris cooper , a favorite actor of mine since lone star . 
here he plays the antithesis of the character he played in matewan : instead of organizing union rallies , he is the head of the coal-miners , who is constantly wringing his hands against the unions . 
this is will be one of the great unnoticed performances of the year : note how multi-dimensional his character is . 
he is his son last nemesis , as one who most likely interferes with his son dreams . 
but he truly loves his son , and wants to see him succeed the only way he knows how . 
through coal-mining . 
because of his character , we can see how far we have come . 
the revolution of modern technology has allowed for us to see society advanced at a rate far faster than any generation before us. 
we don+t understand that there were the generations from the industrial revolution who knew of no other way to raise a family . 
the paradigm was shifting under the fathers feet, and he knew of no other life. 
so october sky, far from being merely a feel-good inspirational film, offers much food for thought. 
and this is the best type of inspirational film ; the one that you take something with you . 
btw , the final image of the film is just as simple , is as strong a contrast as the afore mentioned horizontal-moving white dot against the night-sky background . 
another common place image , to be sure , but it must have been breathtaking forty years ago .  
contains what the matrix is . 
rated r for sci-fi violence . 
starring : keanu reeves , laurence fishburne , joe panteliano 
some may be with the matrix . 
i'll tell you i was . 
i sat there and sat there and sat there waiting for something to happen . 
now wait wait , i know most of you loved it , and i'm not saying i didn't like it . 
what i'm saying is the first half was extremely slow . 
now seeing the trailer it makes you think the whole entire movie is one big special effects show . 
don't be fooled , this movie has a big story . 
and big chunks of talky moments . 
but i will admit the special effects and the acting were above par , deserving the rating above . 
ok now to the story . 
well this may take a while . 
ok first of all , our world we live in now , is not the real world , actually we live inside a computer generated world known as the matrix . 
a man played by keanu reeves is about to find that out , when is kidnapped and almost coaxed to go into the real world . 
he does so , and finds out that he can do anything , be anything he wants to be . 
but he has to fight a 'matrix skipping' guy , who wants to send him back to his own world or destroy him . 
laurence fishburne , his guide of sorts plays his character well as does keanu reeves . 
but i sat in the theatre for over and hour wondering where all the special effects were . 
yeah there were some in the first half but not enough . 
the trailer for this movie was really awesome making people think that this was a special effects laden movie . 
now for the second half , it is, and saves the movie . 
some of the special effects and fighting were breathtaking . 
the sound , the music , and all the effects were effective , and the last hour kept us entertained . 
but with a running time of 2 hours and 20 minutes , this movie is at least 40 minutes too long . 
one would have wished for a better 'matrix' , but i do have to say , i did like it and i was entertained .  
national lampoon's animal house , made in 1978 and set in 1962 , remains one of the  no , fuck that noise * the * funniest movie ever made . 
and this isn't just my opinion , either ; everybody knows this , and that's why about a gazillion inferior rip-offs have been made , trying to duplicate its success . 
and the first person to bring up glory daze gets decked .
animal house takes place at the fictional faber college , circa 1962 , where the omega frat calls the shots . 
these guys are wholesome , clean-cut , model-citizens . . . 
a bunch of assholes . 
greg , their leader , is going out with mandy pepperidge , but since the silly bastard doesn't believe in pre-marital, their relationship never goes further than a quick jack-off under the stars . 
neidermeyer is the supreme-bozo of the bunch , walking around with his out kicking freshman ass and trying to impress the muff . 
also hanging around these losers is babs , future universal studios employee and serious bitch . 
now let's just take a peak next door , at the delta house . 
over here , anything goes : you wanna throw shit out the window ? 
you wanna crush a bunch of beer cans on your forehead and pour honey-mustard all over your chest ? 
go right ahead . 
the frat's leaders are otter and boon tim matheson and peter riegert. 
otter is the ladies' man , going out with another girl every night , and boon is the comedian . 
he's got a steady-date , katy, but she's sick of playing second-fiddle to a bottle of j . d . 
then there are the others : pinto , a wimp ; flounder , a blimp ; d . day , a biker ; stork , who may or may not have brain-damage ; and last but not least . 
bluto , played by the late , great john belushi , is the man . 
he's the kind of guy who slugs back entire fifths of whiskey then proclaim, " i needed that . 
the kind of guy who puts a cream-filled snowball into his mouth , puffs up his cheeks and spits it out , and then says " i'm a zit -- get it ? " 
the story is as follows : the omegas are getting the deltas kicked off campus . 
the deltas , knowing that fighting the omegas is stupid , decide to go out with style , throwing a wild toga party and ruining the homecoming parade . 
this is the funniest movie in the history of the world . 
do yourself a favor and go see it .  
every year , hollywood crowns a new " it boy " a young actor pegged for major movie stardom . 
inheriting the mantle from last year's " winner , " matthew mcconaughey , is matt damon , and , like mcconaughey , he proves to be more than just a fresh young face , as evidenced in two radically different projects currently in release john grisham's the rainmaker and good will hunting . 
damon has his first major starring role , a la mcconaughey , in a john grisham adaptation--in this case , francis ford coppola's take on the rainmaker . 
damon plays wet-behind-the-ears attorney rudy baylor , who , immediately after passing the bar exam , finds himself representing the mother of a terminally ill young man  john whitworth in a big-league suit against a negligent insurance company . 
while rudy's main concern is this case , he also finds time to protect a young wife from her husband melrose placer andrew shue , in a mercifully brief role . 
written for the screen and directed by coppola , the rainmaker is the best grisham film yet mostly because it does not take itself too seriously . 
coppola's most notable and effective contribution to the tried-and-true grisham formula is a sense of humor about itself , which largely comes in the presence of danny devito  as rudy's co-counsel and golden globe nominee jon voight. 
the inclusion of the battered wife subplot feels rather superfluous , but danes is as superb as always . 
then , of course , there is damon , who nicely juggles the weighty the insurance case , the spousal and the humorous requirements of his role without missing a beat . 
as good as he is in the rainmaker , damon showcases the depth of his talent in good will hunting , directed by gus van sant and written by actor ben affleck and damon himself . 
damon plays the title character , will, a troubled young construction worker/janitor at mit who also happens to be a supergenius . 
in an attempt to steer this brilliant young mind in the right direction , an mit math professor taps his old college friend , community college psychologist sean mcguire, to counsel the abrasive , standoffish will and try to help him come to terms with his turbulent life . 
good will hunting is the touchy-feely enterprise its plot synopsis suggests , but to simply dismiss it as that would be to discount the true emotional chords affleck and damon's intelligent script touches . 
even though no one and , if so , very few people can directly relate to will's burden of superhuman intelligence , the insecurities he suffers are universal . 
the material is brought to life by the terrific ensemble of actors . 
williams delivers a nice dramatic turn ; affleck , a hot up-and-coming actor himself chasing amy , turns up in a warm and charming performance as will's best friend ; and the ever-appealing minnie driver shines as will's harvard-schooled love interest . 
the clear standout in the cast , though , is damon , who bravely does not soften will's prickly nature but has such a natural ease with the audience that it is hard not to care for him . 
so many names come and go with the fluctuations of the hollywood hype machine , but based on his impressive work in john grisham's the rainmaker and especially good will, it is a safe bet that matt damon is one name we will be hearing a lot more of in the years to come .  
synopsis : leonard shelby is a former insurance investigator on the trail of the man who killed his wife . 
leonard has only a few clues to the murderer's identity ; to make matters worse , he suffers from a condition which inhibits the creation of short-term memories , meaning that leonard is always forgetting what happened just minutes earlier . 
because of this , leonard is forced to rely on notes he leaves for himself . 
" memento " traces the investigation back in time from its apparent culmination . 
review : " memento " is the sort of movie i wish i'd written ; i can think of no higher praise than that . 
i am that nolan has concocted such a brilliant , involved , original movie as this . 
an instant film noir classic , " memento " is virtually flawless . 
the script is unlike any i have ever seen -- a notable achievement in these days of recycled hollywood homogeneity . 
although the idea of starting at the " conclusion " of the plotline and then moving backward in time to the " start " is not entirely new , never before have i witnessed it executed with such flair and coherence . 
" memento " is endlessly exciting and inventive , a rare story which keeps the viewers guessing during the film itself , and mulling over its connotations long after leaving the theatre . 
and it is merely an exercise in cerebrality ; there is plenty of action and an expected dose of humor to keep the proceedings lively . 
nolan's direction is equally effective , never losing its crispness and clarity despite " memento " 's challenging gimmick . 
and to top everything off , all the performances rise to the occasion . 
pierce is terrific as the troubled leonard ; moss shows great range as enigmatic natalie ; and pantoliano's teddy achieves a splendidly affable yet quality . 
" memento " may be the year's best screenplay , and is certainly amongst the top theatrical attractions of 2001 .  
earth is a harsh , unconsoling drama about the time when india gained independence from britain and the ensuing turmoil that engulfed the subcontinent . 
people who supposedly loved the same land and the same god found themselves in bitter, as the country divided into factions fighting in the streets : indian and pakistani ; muslim , hindu , sikh , parsee . 
the story takes place in lahore , which was indian before partition , and pakistani afterward , regardless of what its citizens might call themselves . 
the action is seen through the eyes of lenny , a young parsee girl , but it is really about her nanny , shanta . 
shanta has a small circle of male admirers . 
two of the men are suitors : hasan, a hindu , and dil navaz, a muslim . 
the others--sikh , hindu , muslim--are older ; some are married ; but all appreciate shanta , who is played by the stirringly beautiful nandita das . 
in an early scene , the men are sitting in a park talking with shanta and lenny ; political tension in the country is growing as the day of independence nears . 
one of the men remarks , jokingly , that their little group is probably one of the last places in the city where the different religions can still get along . 
he is wrong : the men make barbed little comments to each other , spoken like jokes , but with an undercurrent of fanaticism . 
the tenor of these exchanges grows darker and more bitter as the movie progresses . 
it is easy to perceive , in these squabbles , the trajectory which ends in mass and celebration . 
the group around shanta represents , in a sense , a united india , and shanta herself the ideal motherland--one which all love , which inspires hindu , muslim , and sikh to live peacably together . 
but the circle around shanta is sundered , as is the state . 
a sikh is persecuted , hides , then flees . 
another man is loved. 
the group of friends will not meet again . 
the movie is rife with images of breakage and destruction : a plate shattered on the floor , a stuffed toy torn apart by an upset child , and , most brutally , when the tension escalates into violence , a man is held down , tied between two cars , and ripped in half by the opposing movement of the vehicles . 
it is a visceral and effective metaphor for a country which is being destroyed just as painfully . 
the crux of earth's plot is the transformation undergone by dil navaz . 
his sisters are in fashion , by hindus , because they are muslim . 
dil navaz seeks solace from shanta , and asks in desperation that she marry him . 
but she loves hasan , and tenderly refuses dil navaz's offer . 
the combination of familial anguish and romantic rejection twists inside him , and it is easy to see how he is seduced by the growing mob mentality : the muslim cause gives him a motive to vent his and. 
despite the things he later does , it is to the credit of earth that it does not simply denounce dil navaz and those like him , but shows how circumstances can make decent enough men do monstrous things . 
the conclusion--the consequence of dil navaz's transformation--is rather abrupt . 
the story earth tells does not end . 
it just stops . 
it is an appropriate finish : giving us closure would have imparted , at least on an aesthetic level , a sense of resolution , of satisfaction . 
but there was no resolution for india and pakistan--they have been at war , on a small or large scale , for decades . 
since the personal dramas in earth mirror the political struggles of a nation , it is only right that those dramas should have no terminus . 
there is no healing to be had , no closure , on any level despite the needless , tacked-on ending , with voice-over narration from lenny as an adult , framing the story. 
earth is , in some ways , an exceptional movie . 
it does not reinvent the wheel , following instead the standard pattern of historical dramas . 
but deepa mehta's directon is assured , and the issues she addresses run deep . 
earth does for india what movies like zhang yimou's to live and tian zhuangzhuang's the blue kite did for china : they show us the agonies endured by unremarkable people who had the bad luck to be up and smashed in the crucible of history . 
such films strike me as inherently valuable , even when flawed . 
they may be biased or, but they bear the weight of human hardship , and this confers on them a nobility and gravity which other , more inventive films , often lack . 
it is notable that all three movies were in their native countries : the events shown may have happened decades ago , but they still touch a nerve . 
the issues tackled in earth have a particular urgency in light of the nuclear test that took place last year . 
in the near future , india and pakistan may launch nuclear missiles at each other . 
at the time of the tests i had some understanding of the reasons why this might happen ; after seeing earth , i have a much , much better understanding .  
up until about a year ago , john travolta's career consisted of those " look who's talking " movies notice how they called them look who's talented and the 1991 bomb shout .
but somewhere along the line , travolta got the starring role in the tarantino masterpiece pulp fiction and his career soared once again . 
but now travolta's back on the hollywood scene once again , and i think we all know why. 
four words : contract with the devil . 
and this has nothing to do with newt gingrich's " contract with america . " 
no , satan is much more humane . 
anyway , yes , travolta has sold his soul to the hairy host of the netherworld . 
how do i know ? 
i own the document in question . 
amazing what you can buy at those collector's shops for a few hundred dollars , isn't it ? 
get shorty continues in the vein of pulp fiction , with travolta as minion chili palmer . 
he goes to collect some of the mafia's money from a b-grade director ( gene hackman ) and suddenly finds out he wants out of the mob game and into the movie game . 
sure , a like him is far too honest to make it in hollywood , but i guess that's beside the point . 
palmer is determined to get hackman's next project made , so he sets out to convince big star martin weir to star in the movie , bringing along down-and-out actress karen flores, who has already had affairs with hackman and devito . 
it doesn't take a las vegas odds-maker to predict that she and travolta will soon be hitting the sheets as well , after the customary and denial , which has been used in every comedy from " who's the boss ? " 
although it's interesting to note that tony danza has signed a contract with the devil also . 
complicating matters somewhat are the mobsters who have backed hackman's other films and want in on this one too , along with travolta's mob boss trying to track him down for defecting . 
get shorty is by no means on the same level as pulp fiction , despite the obvious similarities . 
this movie doesn't have near the amount of originality or depth as pulp fiction but it is definitely one of the most entertaining movies i've seen this year yes , even better than halloween vi . 
get shorty is my kind of movie , one that mixes intelligent humor with action. 
i'm definitely going to have to check out the novel it was based on . 
are you getting this. 
i was fortunate enough to attend an advance screening for the upcoming thriller conspiracy theory . 
this was , of course , a big deal for me because reviewing movies is basically just a hobby for me and i never get a chance at something like this . 
not only did i get to see an advance screening , i was able to see an advance screening of a * very good * movie . 
the very fast-paced film stars mel gibson as jerry fletcher , a fast-talking , witty , comical taxi driver in new york city . 
gibson's performance is terrific , and his character is similar to that of martin riggs in the lethal weapon films . 
gibson again teams up with richard donner , as he did in the lethal weapon films and maverick , and this time around , the combination works even better . 
the character of jerry fletcher is indeed unique . 
try to imagine a toned-downed version of travis bickle who , this time around , is a jittery guy with knowledge of government conspiracy cover-ups . 
if you can imagine that , then you've basically got jerry fletcher . 
in many ways , i was surprised by this great story . 
to begin with , i was surprised at how good it was . 
it's going to be accepting any gold trophies next spring , but it was a very enjoyable movie . 
secondly , i was surprised at mel gibson's performance . 
he provided a fantastic performance . 
the previews of this film led me to believe it was an all-out action flick , which after viewing , it was almost the opposite in a certain sense . 
gibson's character has an almost uncountable number of one-liners , hilarious situations , and his character is one that the audience tends to side with throughout the film . 
for instance , jerry's apartment and especially his security is memorable . 
and last , i was surprised at how good the plot is . 
writer brian helgeland has created a terrific story , and when watching this film , you are left to wonder if all of jerry fletcher's far-fetched or so they seem at first conspiracy theories are helgeland's own opinions . 
mel gibson isn't the only stand-out in the film . 
julia roberts is very good in her performance as alice sutton , the department of justice employee who can't seem to stay away from jerry fletcher , who continually visits alice in hopes that she will do something about his theories . 
he also seems obsessed and in love with her . 
but whenever he approaches her with another one of his theories , she shrugs him and his beliefs off , continually noting that one day she is going to slap a restraining order on him. 
jerry , obviously determined to continually seek out the truth , continues to research information for his next conspiracy theory , which will be printed in his newsletter same title as the movie . 
although he only has five subscribers, he puts a large amount of time and effort into his work , and publishes his next edition . 
very soon after he does so , he is and by a man who refers to himself as dr . jonas patrick stewart . 
after barely escaping alive , jerry is forced to turn to the only person he can trust : alice sutton . 
the remainder of the film is almost always fast-paced and full of action and suspense , with jerry's life being constantly put into jeopardy . 
and more along the way , the audienc and alice learn more and more about jerry's life. 
many things are explained throughout this film , both to the characters and to the audience . 
for instance , the meaning of the book " the catcher in the rye " and its ties to assassins , the reason lone gunmen have three names e . g . 
lee harvey oswald and james earl ray  , and the real truth behind the grateful dead . 
make sure listen closely throughout the film , as jerry is constantly throwing out interesting tidbits such as the above . 
definitely , when conspiracy theory hits theaters august 8th , make sure you are standing in line to see it . 
i am nearly positive everyone should enjoy this, especially if you are into an action-thriller with witty dialogue and numerous suspenseful situations . 
and even if you are , you should still like this.  
the disney studios has its formula for annual , full-length animated features down so pat that it's hard to remember which one you're watching at any given moment . 
" mulan , " their 36th animated adventure , is the latest case in point . 
once again we have a tale focused around a strong central character female as usual ; disney is one of the few studios whose heroines--ariel , belle , pocahontas , and now mulan--get equal screen time with their heroes in recent years . 
add the requisite love interest and a wise-cracking sidekick or two , pep up the soundtrack with a handful of strategically placed show tunes an introspective number by a pool or looking in a mirror , a rousing anthem , a cutesy , montage-backed crowd pleaser , pose a few threats to our engaging lead , and tie things all up neatly by the closing credits . 
bob's your uncle ! 
better make that walt's your uncle . . . 
kids will no doubt go ga-ga over " mulan " ( or at least the fast food tie-ins ) , but familiarity can , after a while , leave grown-ups--this reviewer included--wishing for a little more . 
maybe an animated feature without! 
or maybe a film in which a cheeky chihuahua called pepe longs to become a matador from trinidad ? ? 
how about simply ditching the sidekicks altogether ? 
it isn't gonna happen . 
like disney's previous entries , " mulan " is slow to make its mark . 
the animation tends to suffer from some slackness in the early going and the humorous element , a madcap dragon wannabe in the guise of a loquacious lizard with a case of dry mouth , courtesy eddie murphy's animated vocal talents , plays like an appropriate if necessary formula-wise afterthought . 
however , after about an hour everything comes together and the formula , like it or not , clicks . 
highlights include a spectacular cavalry charge on a snow-covered pass which , due to the sophistication of today's computer-generated imagery , is hard to tell from the real thing, a memorable , show-stopping musical interlude " i'll make a man out of you , " penned by matthew wilder and david zippel , and last but not least , mulan herself . 
voiced by ming-na wen , mulan is disney's strongest female character to date . 
when hordes of huns pour over china's great wall and threaten to overthrow the imperial palace , the emperor decrees that every family in the land dispatch one man to serve in the imperial army . 
since mulan's father is infirm , but proud , the high-spirited mulan steals her father's armor and , incognito , signs up to face the mongolian. 
attracted to , but not distracted by , her commanding officer shang b . d . 
wong , mulan outmatches her fellow combatants in smarts , wit , and physical ability . 
she's a woman of the '90s a couple of millennia ahead of her time .  
i had been expecting more of this movie than the less than  twister . 
twister was good but had no real plot and no one to simpithize with . 
but twister had amazing effects and i was hoping so would volcano 
volcano starts with tommy lee jones at emo . 
he worrys about a small earthquake enough to leave his daughter at home with a baby sitter . 
there is one small quake then another quake . 
then a geologist points out to tommy that its takes a geologic event to heat millions of gallons of water in 12 hours . 
a few hours later large amount of ash start to fall then  it starts the volcanic eruption . . . . 
i liked this movie . . . but 
it was not as great as i hoped. 
i was still good none the less. 
it had excellent special effects. 
the best view . . . 
helecopters flying over the streets of volcanos . 
also . . . there were interesting side stories that made the plot more interesting . 
so . . . it was good ! !  
disney's 35th animated feature-- a retooling of the olympian legend crossed with , well , the superman story is surprisingly soft at the center . 
great wit , great art , and a great villain james woods as hades , lord of the underworld and local lounge act can't quite stifle the yawns induced by a bland hero , his colorfully monotonous sidekick danny devito as the satyrical trainer phil, and a largely unremarkable soundtrack . 
none of the alan menken/david zippel tunes are particular- ly noteworthy . 
some lack lyrical snap . 
others need more memorable melodies . 
boring ballads we expect , but boring production numbers , too ? 
so , hercules is a bit of a long sit , but you won't stay bored . 
the highlights include a nifty round of animated action herc battling a cgi hydra , a steady stream of anachronisms " somebody call and pop references " let's get ready to rumble ! " a la aladdin , and several long-overdue jabs at the mouse's marketing and merchandising depart- ments . 
while not as rock-solid as hunchback, it's a still a new world of improvement over pocohontas . 
directed by ron clements and john musker , with voice credits including tate donovan , susan egan , bob goldthwait , matt frewer , samantha eggar , paul shaffer , and , as lighting bolt zeus , rip torn , who's having a very good summer , also appearing in trial and and men in black .  
the computer-animated comedy " shrek " is designed to be enjoyed on different levels by different groups . 
for children , it offers imaginative visuals , appealing new characters mixed with a host of familiar faces , loads of action and a barrage of big laughs including numerous gags related to body functions and yucky substances , apparently a requisite in contemporary family films. 
for adults , it's a fractured fairy tale packed with rude jokes that will sail over the heads of the kids . 
all in all , " shrek " is a snappy ride , although there are a couple of points i found disturbing . 
but first the basics. 
based very loosely on a 1990 children's story , " shrek " follows several momentous days in the life of the title character , a rotund green ogre voiced by mike myers in that pleasant scottish accent he is so fond of using . 
shrek is a grumpy fellow living a solitary life deep in the swamp , until a local nobleman his peace . 
petty tyrant lord farquaad take away the " awk " in the middle and you have the basis of a string of impolite one-liners owns the land on which shrek resides . 
he proceeds to turn the ogre's yard into an ellis island for storybook characters when he banishes the fanciful beings from his castle . 
as a result , shrek finds himself surrounded by legends like the three blind mice , pinocchio , the big bad wolf , the seven dwarfs , and the three bears , to name but a few . 
an enraged shrek storms to the castle , only to find farquaad  john lithgow ready to bargain . 
lord obnoxious wants to become king and the magic mirror from " snow white " has shown him the way . 
all he has to do is rescue a damsel in and make her his wife . 
the mirror unveils three choices in a presentation straight out of " the dating game " when snow white is shown , the cheeky announcer purrs , " even though she lives with seven men , she's not easy ! 
farquaad selects the lovely princess fiona and offers shrek a deal : if the ogre snatches fiona from the dragon-protected , lava moat-filled castle in which she is held captive and brings her to the throne , the lord will allow the fairy tale pests to move back on his grounds . 
shrek reluctantly agrees and sets off on his quest , accompanied by a motor-mouthed donkey determined to make the green grump his best friend . 
they finally hook up with the princess , only to learn she is not the helpless maiden they expected to meet . 
for the matter , the dragon offers a few surprises as well . 
the movie references a great many other flicks , from " babe "  to " the graduate . 
but the lion's share of the jokes come at the expense of the wonderful world of disney . 
the public-domain characters made into icons in various disney films take their hits ? pinocchio is referred to as a " possessed toy " and when shrek spies a sleeping snow white in his cabin , he bellows , " get that dead broad off the table ! " 
 ? but the biggest slams come when shrek visits farquaad's royal domicile , which closely resembles a certain magic kingdom , from its souvenir stands and queue lines to a display of animatronic figures that sing the palace rules in a relentlessly peppy tune that sounds a lot like " it's a small world . " 
which brings me to disturbing point number one . 
i laughed at all the disney swipes , but found the mentality behind them a bit sad . 
the acrimony between dreamworks honcho jeff katzenberg and disney big wheel michael eisner is well known . 
for years the two companies have tried to sabotage each other's film and video releases by issuing similar competing productions on the same day . 
and now we have katzenberg using an entire movie to attack his former employer . 
here's a suggestion for the two boys : grow up ! 
put the past behind you ! 
there's room in the sandbox for both of you and if you farquaads can't play nice , then go to your rooms ! 
the other area i found troubling came in the portrayal of lord farquaad . 
beyond all the irreverence , " shrek " actually has a message : people should learn to look beyond physical appearances , because true beauty lies within . 
it's a lovely notion , but the film betrays its own moral by incessantly taking cheap shots at farquaad's diminutive stature . 
do we really need a family film reinforcing the idea that short people is acceptable ? 
the pompous , selfish behavior of farquaad is enough to make him a target for zingers . 
adding short jokes is simply mean . 
still , " shrek " is a rollicking good time . 
the computer animation is mostly impressive although several key characters look like animated rubber squeeze toys and the human movements are often jerky, the voice work is strong particularly from eddie murphy, the laughs come fast and furious , and the moral , tainted though it may be , is a good one . 
to trot out a clich ? , " shrek " is fun for all ages . 
parents , though , should remind their young ones during the ride home that taunting others because they are short , tall , skinny , fat , etc . is a good thing.  
after watching the first ten minutes of this japanese film , you will never eat a bowl of ramen the same way again . 
there is a scene where an old man is teaching a young one how to eat the soupy bowl of noodles , as a master would teach an eager apprentice . 
 " you caress the noodles with the chopsticks , " he says , " then put the roast pork on the side of the bowl and to it by saying , 'see you soon . ' " 
of course , it's meant to be a parody , but there is an earnestness underneath the that makes you take it with a certain degree of sobriety . 
you begin to appreciate the food as not merely something you eat, not something you like , not something you enjoy , but rather something you experience . 
experiencing it is a process which engages all of the senses , fulfilling each one on its own terms and weaving them so that the total is a pleasure that is more than the sum of its parts . 
trust me , you really want to go find a noodle shop at this point . 
juzo itami's tampopo brings the same sense of the serious parody of food to the forefront by making the story follow the pattern of an american western , set in modern day japan . 
a stranger , goro, comes into town and finds tampopo, the proprietor of a small , hole-in-the-wall noodle shop , trying to fend off the insults of the local strongman. 
goro , to defend the honor of this woman and her noodles , gets into a fight with the ringleader and his henchmen , emerging bloodied , but victorious . 
goro finds that tampopo's ambition is to have a shop that people would flock to from far away , just to eat a bowl of her ramen . 
the problem is , her fare is something less than popular , and less than appetizing . 
however , goro agrees to help tampopo in her quest , and in the process they seek the wisdom of an elderly noodle expert , enlist the aid of a wealthy patron , and make friends with the former enemy . 
this film is filled with many little scenes which are absolute gems . 
take , for example , when tampopo tries to buy the recipe for a delicious soup from another shop owner . 
the price is too high , but the owner of the store next door will secretly sell it to her for a more affordable sum . 
tampopo meets him at his store late at night , and he leads her to a back room . 
she protests , thinking that perhaps this man has ulterior motives , but he insists . 
just when she is about to bolt for the exit , he shows her a small gap in the wall adjoining his store with the noodle shop next door . 
she peers through and takes notes as she watches the cook make the soup for the next day , her face filled with a joy that can be felt by the audience . 
this scene , while comical , is very effective at filling the viewer with a sense of trepidation , then of relief and discovery . 
there's also an interesting scene where goro introduces tampopo and her son to a bunch of street people who , despite their economic trappings , are all gourmets and master sommeliers . 
we even watch as one of them sneaks into the kitchen of a restaurant and expertly prepares a french omelet. 
the scene is meant to bring a laugh, but it also says that no matter whether people are rich or poor , food is something which everyone has in common , and the enjoyment of food is an experience shared by all . 
there are also a number of unrelated vignettes appearing throughout the film , which help to illustrate and accentuate the role of food in people's lives . 
a particularly effective one involves a wife and mother being tended to in her home by a doctor . 
surrounded by her children , she is obviously in her last hours of life . 
her husband comes home , and seeing her condition , demands that she get up and make dinner . 
the viewer knows the husband's intention is not to be mean ; he is desperate for the normalcy of which he and his family has obviously been deprived , and the wife making dinner is an essential part of this . 
in a near miracle , the wife drags herself to the kitchen and prepares a quick meal , then brings it to her awaiting family . 
as the family eats , she looks on them and smiles . 
preparing food for her family is a joy and a comfort to her , and for a brief moment , she too enjoys the normalcy . 
then she falls over , dead . 
for a moment , the family is stunned , but then the father yells at the children , " keep eating ! 
this is the last meal your mother ever made ! " 
crying as they do so , the family finishes the meal . 
the scene is comical , awkward , moving , and beautiful . 
by including the vignettes , itami ran the risk of creating a disjointed film , but surprisingly , they do not interrupt the pacing of the main storyline . 
instead , they even help contribute to the idea that tampopo's goal of being able to serve exceptional food is worthy and even noble . 
because the film parodies a western , the construction of the plot is fairly predictable , but is still enjoyable as we watch the familiar way in which the " good guys " come together for the final showdown . 
in this case , the showdown is against the ramen . 
if they eat tampopo's ramen , soup and all , tampopo knows she has succeeded . 
it's pretty obvious what the outcome will be , but when a film changes your whole perspective on something you consume every day of your life , you can afford to cut it a little slack .  
there's an old saying that states something about leaving the best for last . 
george lucas certainly followed that adage when crafting the original star wars trilogy . 
return of the jedi, the final installment of the series , is easily the most innovative , action-packed , and entertaining of the three films . 
the dark, eerie atmosphere that oozed from every frame of the empire strikes back is gone. 
instead , for return of the jedi , we have good triumphing decisively over, a resolution to a love triangle , and walking teddy bears . 
even darth vader does seem very intimidating this time around. 
with the arrival of the emperor an apparition-like creature played by ian mcdiarmid , vader has turned into somewhat of a henchman . 
return of the jedi picks up at an unspecified time after the conclusion of the empire strikes back. 
luke skywalker, princess , lando calrissian , , chewbacca, are on a rescue mission to luke's home planet of tatooine . 
their goal : to save han solo from the clutches of the intergalactic gangster jabba the hutt . 
it is at jabba's home , a creepy-looking stone fortress guarded by hog-nosed beasts , that most of the added special effects come into play . 
from a hysterical scene involving a music group to the dreaded beast outside jabba's sand barge , the effects are top notch . 
as soon as han is freed from his cryo-freeze and rescued from the clutches of the jabba the hutt , it's back to outer space , where the rebel alliance is about to face the empire's newest: a second , more powerful star , that , if activated , could spell for anyone who stands against the emperor . 
so , while the fleet prepares for the final, luke and company travel to the forest moon of endor to knock out the shield that defends the star against all. 
there , they are befriended by the ewoks , the teddy bear-like native race , and luke , fearing that his presence is endangering the group , turns himself over to vader . 
return of the jedi has some interesting elements . 
the scenes which pitted luke against the emperor and vader are suitably tense and well-acted . 
from a technical point-of-view , the space battles are amazing , easily hindering anything depicted in the previous films . 
only are there many , many more ships , but their speed and range of movement have been dramatically improved . 
on one level , return of the jedi is almost worth watching for the special effects . 
in the special edition , even more ships are added , making the final space battle incredibly fun to watch . 
the acting in return of the jedi is stronger than in the previous films . 
by now ( or then - 1983 ) , mark hamill , harrison ford , and carrie fisher have all matured in their on-screen personas . 
the chemistry amongst the trio is. 
as in empire , billy dee williams gives us another human hero to root for . 
newcomer ian mcdiarmid plays the emperor as a suitably, and creature , although he's not as imposing as vader was in star wars . 
although it was great fun watching star wars and the empire strikes back on the big screen , return of the jedi generates a greater sense of enjoyment . 
with the spectacular , new special effects , the adorable ewoks , the jabba the hutt , the emperor , the same old millenium falcon , darth vader's incredible, the of the new star , and the always lovable yoda , return of the jedi concludes one of the greatest trilogies ever made with a huge bang . 
congratulations to george lucas , whose innovative mind entertains us now and will continue to entertain generations to come . 
 why do so many children's films treat their target audience with utter contempt ? 
too many of those who write or direct for children's movies assume that the kids just can't handle serious , thoughtful discussions on meaningful issues . 
" the iron giant , " which was directed and co-written by brad bird , late of such animated series as " the simpsons " and " king of the hill , " assumes that not only can children handle such discussions , but that they can do so while being entertained at the same time . 
" the iron giant " holds absolutely no contempt for the young people in the audience , making it a film that's enjoyable for both children and adults alike . 
hogarth hughes is a spirited young lad who lives with his hard-working single mother , annie, in a small town in maine . 
after staying up late and watching scary movies on a night his mother is away , hogarth treks out into the forest to investigate what has stolen his antenna and ruined his tv reception . 
he comes across a giant robot vin diesel from space that eats metal for food . 
after saving the robot , nicknamed the iron giant , from electric shock , hogarth befriends the creature and takes him in as a pet of sorts . 
because of he upon landing , the giant has forgotten what his original mission was , so he just follows hogarth around like a lost puppy . 
realizing he can't just keep the giant in a barn all the time , and that the giant needs food , he takes him to a junkyard owned by dean, an eccentric artist who assembles sculptures out of scrap iron in his spare time . 
it soon becomes apparent that dean and hogarth can't keep the giant a secret forever , because a government spook named kent mansley christopher mcdonald has been brought in to investigate sightings in the surrounding forest area and considers the giant a threat to national security . 
he suspects hogarth knows something about the giant , and takes up residence in hogarth's house as a lodger . 
meanwhile , the giant begins to exhibit ominous behavior that suggests he was built to be a weapon of some kind . 
 " the iron giant " is exactly what family films ought to be , because it doesn' t talk down to its audience . 
the story is simple , very simple , about an alien being that drops out of the sky and befriends a young boy . 
it's very similar to the spielberg classic " e . t . , ' and such comparisons are actually deserved in the case of " the iron giant . " 
the film holds many of the better elements of spielberg's film , such as the ability to be sentimental without turning sappy . 
the film delivers several serious messages , the most important of which is one's ability to choose one's own fate . 
hogarth teaches the giant to go against his programming and become what he wants to be : a hero . 
the final sequence is touching and appropriate , though i won't give it away , i will say that very few will be beautiful. 
the animation , while not up to disney standard, is good enough to make you forget you're watching a cartoon . 
the giant is computer-animated, while the human characters are all hand-drawn the old-fashioned way . 
the characters' faces are done quite well , drawn realistically enough to make the personalities credible , but the features are exaggerated so as to allow for the cartoonish expressions that provide for comic relief . 
fine voice work is turned in by young eli marienthal as hogarth , and jennifer aniston is surprisingly convincing as his waitress mother . 
harry connick jr . does a nice characterization as dean , and i really enjoyed the voice work of john mahoney as an army general called in by agent mansley . 
unlike several cartoon features , each character is actually a developed personality , rather than a stereotype , and is actually integral to the plot , rather than being a superfluous comic-relief sidekick. 
dean , for example , could have been a stereotypical beatnik his character profile seems to suggest that , but he is presented as a character with real emotions , thoughts , and motivations . 
even the heavy , agent mansley , is not a villain who does things simply because he wants to , but out of his own fear and paranoia . 
a lesser animated feature would have drawn up paper-thin stereotypes and figure the kids won't mind , but " the iron giant " has clearly put a little work into making the characters real , and it pays off . 
the film isn't only around to deliver heavy-handed messages , though . 
it's also very funny , and the humor is of the kind that both children and adults will enjoy . 
the scenes in which hogarth teaches the giant to do certain things , such as dive into a pool , are handled well , and director brad bird clearly has a sense of comic timing , having worked on " the simpsons " for many years . 
a sequence where hogarth and mansley attempt to " outlast " one another by trying to stay awake is very nicely timed , and also extremely clever . 
the film even takes some jabs at america's nuclear paranoia during the early stages of the cold war , satirizing the lame safety films shown to grade school students that tell them to " duck and cover " in the event of a nuclear attack . 
" the iron giant " has much more of a satirical edge to it than most family films , and the edgy humor is actually quite refreshing . 
instead of seeing people get bonked on the head , we get well-timed , clever gags that seem to have required some imagination to come up with . 
when you get right down to it , " the iron giant " is no more than the story of a boy and his robot . 
the story is so straightforward , so quaint , that it ultimately becomes charming . 
though i enjoy the complex plotting of film noir as much as the next person , when it comes to family entertainment , simple is the way to go . 
it's akin to one of those bedtime stories your father told that had you hanging on his every word , but it's not the story that sets the film above others of its kind , but rather the elements that go into the story , namely real characters and thoughtful dialogue , which " the iron giant " has in spades .
susan review of " the closet " 
in this hilarious french farce , a shy , accountant named francois pignon discovers he's going to be fired from his job at a factory . 
Happy and comfortable, he contemplates long lovely life . 
but then he runs into belone, an elderly homosexual neighbor , who suggests a  lawsuit to intimidate management . 
as evidence , belone concocts provocative photographs of pignon locked in a leather-clad embrace with another man and mails them anonymously to pignon's boss . 
when the racy snapshots start circulating around the factory , not only does pignon get his job back but he suddenly finds himself the focus of attention as an openly gay man . 
his lusty supervisor is so intrigued that she wonders if , perhaps , she could change his sexual preferences . 
even his ex-wife and indifferent teenage son drop their disdain . 
but not everyone is enchanted . 
a mucho macho co-worker felix, a self-righteous homophobe , is stunned and repulsed when he's forced by the or director to grovel and court pignon's friendship or losing his own job . 
writer/director francis verber artfully milks the farcical comedy as he dissects the of political correctness , veering off-track only occasionally into. 
daniel auteuil is delightful - particularly with a condom perched on his head , riding on a float in a gay pride parade - and gerard depardieu delivers one of his most restrained , and effective , performances . 
on the granger movie gauge of 1 to 10 , " the closet " is a frankly, adult 8 . 
it's so clever , in fact , that hollywood is already planning to re-make it in english , like " la cage aux folles . "
roman emperor marcus aurelius chooses his trusted general maximus as his successor . 
however the emperor's evil son commodus joaquin phoenix murders his father before the announcement can be made , and maximus as well as his family is sentenced to be executed . 
maximus is able to escape his executioners , but is later captured and sold as a slave to proximo oliver reed . 
proximo is looking for gladiators to earn himself money he being a former gladiator himself  , and maximus reluctantly uses his skills to prove himself a powerful gladiator . 
when emperor commodus announces that new games will be held in the colisseum , proximo takes his gladiators there to do battle . 
maximus sees this as his chance to exact help on commodus. 
gladiator begins with a great party sequence between the roman army and germania , and actually is able to maintain interest during the now required " 40 minutes of exposition after a kick ass opening sequence " style of movie making . 
the only downfall of the opening sequence is the editing style used . 
it's choppy slow motion which is settling and distracting. 
it's similar to the opening sequence in saving private ryan , but effective. 
the actual gladiator battles are thrilling , but also a bit disjointed . 
many times it's unclear as to exactly what's going on . . . 
all the audience can tell is that blood is being spilled . 
we're not sure who's blood or by who's hand though . 
there's an instance of this earlier in the film too that's amazing. 
it's comes when maximus escapes his friends. 
some flashes and a few quick cuts later and maximus is free . . . 
but i still don't know exactly how he did it . 
russell crowe should have become a major star after his gleefully over the top role as a computer generated in 1995's. 
for whatever reason his stardom never arrived . 
but he should have it now . 
from here on moviegoers should now be able to say , " let's go see the new russell crowe movie " . 
he gets the best scene in the film and one of the best moments of all recent movies when he reveals his identity to commodus in the colisseum . 
it's both relaxing and chilling . 
joaquin phoenix does a very effective job of making commodus a person and not just a cartoon character which could have easily happened. 
commodus is conniving , sneaky and whiny , but phoenix lets the character get. 
it's a very good and very colorful performance . 
oliver reed during the filming of gladiator , and it's a huge gain to the acting world . 
i've always been fascinated with reed . . . 
he's one of those very talented performers who once had a fine career but ended up in direct to video junk during his twilight years . 
it's ironic that this film probably would have gotten him back into real movies again , as he gives a fun and sincere performance . 
the film is dedicated to him , and he will surely be missed . 
reed's presented the filmmakers with an obvious problem , as he still had scenes to be completed . 
rather than recast the role and end up reshooting a great deal of footage, a digital version of oliver reed was created at a reported cost of 2 million dollars . 
ironically , that was probably more money than reed ever earned for a single film . 
anyway , this digital effect is only used in one scene that i am aware of for about twenty seconds and if you aren't looking for it you won't even be able to tell . 
some of the other digital effects are less convincing however . . . 
and like i always say , noticable digital effects take me out of a movie immediately . 
it's that such a good film has these. 
movies like the fall of the roman empire and spartacus seemed to do okay without the use of computer effects . 
keep in mind that gladiator is based on real people and real events, but is entirely a work of fiction . 
however it's a work of fiction that's great entertainment , and another film to add to the list of damn fine flicks released in 2000 a . d .
what a great film. 
what a stunning, touching, heart-wrenching, heart-warming, life-affirming, miraculous film. 
from its opening moments, life is beautiful walks that fine line between serious tragedy and uplifting comedy. 
a car with no brakes speeds through the town , and guido motions people to move out of the way . 
they mistake him to be the fascist president , traveling to their town that day . 
shortly thereafter , the president drives through , and people stare , with amazed faces . 
this is standard , but somehow fresh and postmodern stuff : the clown who is also a jew , triumphs over the semitic society in which he lives . 
granted ,   great friend comes to mind charlie chaplin s almost masterpiece . 
i think lib  trumps gd in one essential point : chaplin s jewish barber gives a great speech at the climax , but to do so , he had to break completely from character . 
benigni is given a similar situation: he is mistaken as a fascist dignitary , and must explain to a classroom filled with schoolchildren = on how scientists have concluded that aryans are the superior race . 
benigni s guido stays in character, and delivers the speech , keeping the subject matter intact while showing the absurdity of its concept . 
it is one of the great satirical scenes in modern cinema . 
there are many other scenes , especially in the first half , which are bright and loopy and funny and silly . 
slapstick reigns , and although the film is subtitled , there was no doubt that a universal language was being conveyed . 
and although it s focus is on the courtship of guido to dora played by nicoletta braschi , benigni s real life wife , a silent undercurrent creeps in . 
this is clearly a happy society , evidenced by the aforementioned scene and others , and it will soon affect him and = his family . 
the second half of the film takes place five years later , in an named camp , where guido , dora, and their five-year old son , are welcomed . 
guido , is desperate to protect his wife and child . 
for his wife, he must find ways to communicate to her that he is all right . 
for his son , and this is the most controversial part of the film he convinces the youngster that this is all one big elaborate game : it s rules include hiding , being very quiet , and learning to not ask for seconds . 
which raises the big questions: how do we deal with pain.
with justice on the best level.
it s said that tragedies bring out the best in people , finding strengths they did not realize they had . 
other times they deteriorate , become overwhelmed with little strength or incentive to swim . 
sometimes even , people giggle in these moments , as if there were a vacant emotion behind them , yearning for some brightness to soothe their wounds . 
benigni+s guido realizes this . 
he is the clown , but he is not fool . 
he sees the slurs and the vandalism , and while feeling the weight of the verbal attacks , he still has the audacity to see if everyone around him , perhaps even the antagonists , laugh . 
his liberty is stripped , but not his dignity , and certainly not the dignities of those around him . 
it s obvious from the onset that here is someone who is very much against fascism and the preposterousness of an aryan nation , but does so with a grinning , joyful demeanor . 
perhaps that is a form of denial. 
perhaps his alternate reality is all that he could muster not unlike the very different brazil . 
perhaps this is an example of great fortitude, with no weapons but wit. 
whatever his purposes is subject to debate, but also a sure sign that this is one of the great three-dimensional characters, stranded amidst a terrifyingly risky concept . 
surprisingly, it works . 
it is an important footnote that this film was not intended to be an accurate reflection of the holocaust . 
its not that the atrocities are trivialized , far from it . 
they dont have to be broadcast and explicitly shown to muster the same less is more. 
i believe that benigni was cautious to preserve the tone , and i like the theory that it is guidon s alternate reality that were seeing . 
however , any that this is rewriting history , that the was as good as it seems , is simply off-target . 
benigni film has won audience awards at cannes , at toronto , and is a definite shoo-in for best foreign language film  hopefully for best picture as well . 
he has been made an honorary jew by a jerusalem film society . 
it swept the italian academy awards . 
controversy notwithstanding , it is one of the great films this year , and as of this writing , the one to beat for best film . 
masterful miraculous a must see.
ingredients  starving artist lusting after a beautiful woman from his childhood 
synopsis great expectations is a modernized version of a charles dickens novel . 
the gist of the story is that an anonymous benefactor sends pip to london for pip to become an upper class gentleman . 
pip leaves for london with great expectation to be groomed into a gentleman so that he can one day be classy enough to marry estella . 
until he learns just who his benefactor is. 
in this new 1998 version of great expectations a poor florida lad named finn with a talent for drawing has an early memory of helping an escaped convict. 
but soon the focus of finn's life becomes romance, as he develops a lifelong infatuation with estella, an upper crust girl with some psychological and emotional issues due to being raised in a environment . 
estella was raised in wealth by ms . dinsmoor, an eccentric , aged and embittered , man-hating single aunt whose groom left her abandoned at the altar on the day of her marriage . 
this causes estella to 'fear the daylight' of relationships , but finn thinks it's just a case of snobbery . 
when finn becomes a young man , an benefactor sets finn up in new york with the connections and publicity to be groomed into a famous artist . 
finn leaves florida with " great expectations " to be a successful artist so that some day he might become classy enough to marry the snobbish estella . 
what will happen to all of finn's " great expectations ? " 
opinion : if you're looking for a romance with a happy ending , look no further ; you've found one here . 
ethan hawke is romantic lead . 
he romanced in reality bites . 
he romanced julie delpy in before sunrise . 
he romanced uma thurman in gattaca . 
now in great expectations he gets to chase gwyneth paltrow , a rail-thin blonde . 
hawke plays a lovestruck , earnest and unchanged finn throughout the film . 
meanwhile portrays as alternating between infuriating and ice princess ; estella's whole purpose is to get men to fall in love and then love them rather than become intimate . 
you've seen this moment before, recently : a particularly troubled character senses danger of the paranormal kind when the room temperature inexplicably plummets to below freezing . 
the difference is that when it happens to lili taylor's nell in the, we do care . 
the hero of the sixth sense , a young boy named cole , is a rich creation , and we wish nothing more than for the ghosts who haunt him to take a hike . 
the seasons have changed since an patient jaded child malcolm crowe in the comfort of his own bedroom . 
desperate to get his career back on track , even at the expense of his crumbling marriage  to williams, malcolm councils the excited. 
the preteen displays all the quirks of malcolm's would-be on his body ; and the reluctance to reveal a big secret . 
only after cole is locked in a closet by some does he divulge to malcolm , in a spine-tingling scene , that he sees dead people walking among us , all the time . 
malcolm assumes , and given his profession , reasonably so , that cole is schizophrenic , not psychic , but the sincerity in cole's anguished confession prevents the doctor from taking drastic measures . 
he will instead pursue the supernatural angle , becoming a kind of surrogate father to cole who lives with his single mother , lynn in the process . 
it's far more heartwarming than frightening , and the film would be none the worse for wear without its few pulp shocks . 
cole attracts the for reasons, but they're not out to harm him, really they just want to be heard , even if it means scaring the bejesus out of the innocent gradeschooler . 
perhaps the apparitions seem ghastlier to us, at first, than they really are because we're looking at the situation through the eyes of an eight-year-old. 
that's right : willis , for the first time in years , gives up the spotlight to his costar . 
we appreciate malcolm's domestic dilemma , but we identify with cole , recalling our fears of the bogeyman or the closet monster or the thing under the bed . 
both actors deliver immensely likable performances , and their dynamic is manifest . 
willis convinces us that he's a doctor , something he was unable to do as a horndog shrink in the overheated color of night . 
osment is phenomenal , a true professional who resists mugging for the camera like some child stars with too much experience in television commercials do . 
the sixth sense  atmospherically shot by the silence of the lambs' cinematographer is actually a drama-its spooky , effective ad campaign is leading . 
only because i was expecting something different did i notice-rather , feel-the movie's running time , which is just shy of two hours . 
the story slowly but; its finish is definitely worth the wait . 
i'm not sure said big twist is bulletproof , but i admired its audacity .  
hollywood has really done the whole thing to honest. 
it's a shame , too , because the good count was probably the most frightening out the old b-movie monsters . 
are people really going to get that scared over a big green guy named that moves at a speed of five miles per hour ? 
but it also carried with it a kind of sensual feeling as well , not commonly associated with romantic films . 
and not only has the idea been done too many times , but with the possible exception of from dusk 'till dawn , has not been done very well lately either. 
this is precisely why it was so much fun for me watching the original. 
i got to go back to the times when making movies was considered an art form , and not just done to make cash like nowadays . 
and that is exactly what this film is ; art . 
i've been a romance fan since i was eight years old , and to this day i have not seen any romance film cover the intellectual ground that this film covers . 
when i say " intellectual ground " , i don't mean that tackles philosophical questions or anything like that , i just mean that in order for the film to work the way it was intended to , a little bit of thinking is involved . 
he employs the help of hutter gustav von wangenhein, a real estate salesman or something to that effect who has a nice home and even a fiancee named ellen greta schroeder . 
really a good sign . 
he then discovers through some reading that the count is a " nosferatu ", or vampire, one of the undead that feeds off the blood of living humans. 
but by the time he pieces this together, he is too late; orlock has already embarked to hutter's hometown via boat. 
will hutter reach his destination in time to save his fiancee from the deadly clutches of count orlock? 
the character of orlock is, of course, dracula . 
the only reason his name was changed was because this was an authorized account of bram strocker's novel. 
just thought that was an interesting little side note  
probably the only way you will get to see this fine film is by purchasing a copy of arrow entertainment's digitally restored cut, now available in stores. 
however, this version is quite different than maunau's original masterpiece. 
the movie is now sporting a new soundtrack by band type o positive and color tinting, much like the 1984 version of lang's metropolis 
but alas , i like watching movies the way they were originally intended to be seen . 
but that's just my bag ; you may like the newer , more " modern " version better . 
either way , i suggest investing your money in a copy . 
if you like what they have done with it , pop it in the vcr and enjoy . 
grim stuff , to be sure , but the subject of a remarkable film from italy's master of the horror thriller dario argento . 
it follows his appreciated american debut trauma ( 1992 ) , the patchy opera ( 1987 ) and several mediocre films he produced for young italian director michele soavi in the late 1980's 
at the gallery anna is overwhelmed by a painting. 
posing as a bystander, alfredo briefly comes to her aid and having now identified his pursuer a strange game of cat and mouse begins. 
a gripping story evolve, and a coherent one too, which may surprise those familiar with argento's often lumpy narratives . 
the script explores its themes with intelligence and candour, perhaps too much so for more sensitive. 
argento is once again working in his native italy , and he fully exploits the opportunities to use art and architecture for both symbolic statements and as departure points for several brilliant hallucinogenic sequences . 
effects whiz sergio stivaletti serves his director well here , and the cinematography by giuseppe rotunno is consistently excellent . 
the film's opening 20 minutes segues between, flashback and real-time with tremendous style . 
proof that , at his most inspired , argento remains one of the world's most exhilarating filmmakers . 
the cast is generally good , though marred at times by dubbing into english that renders speech all but emotionless . 
it's a difficult role, and given her relative experience on screen she deserves applause for her efforts . 
is chillingly effective, and possibly the most gorgeous looking man in italy does okay as anna's work colleague and increasingly love interest . 
active since the 1960's , morricone has scored over 100 films in his career and this must rate as one of his finest efforts . 
it's been three decades since argento and morricone worked together this is a long welcome reunion . 
it is that the last half hour drags a little and the film does reach a completely satisfying climax . 
but by the closing scenes , the has already offered us enough to qualify as one of the very best films of dario argento's career 
close your eyes for a moment , if you will , and imagine the sound of silky smooth and irish like a pint of guinness . 
a lackadaisical , little schoolboy voice that flirts and gambols . 
an acerbic , sing-song metered voice that evokes the startling imagery and language of anthony burgess' " a clockwork orange . " 
imagine all of that and you'll get a good sense of what you can expect imagine that and more . 
neil jordan's latest film stars  rea in more ways than one . 
that makes performance worth watching  worth listening to . 
and that's only half the fun . 
playing the young is newcomer owns and he is , without a doubt , a revelation . 
it's impossible to take your eyes off him . 
in fact  everything was ok. 
it's the start of many a related image . 
this remarkable film focuses on the effects external influences have on the friendship allowing us to empathize with their plight in the presence of extraordinary behavior . 
it's bleak and it's black but it's fundamentally very funny . 
rea talks us through it , beautifully , a film worth savoring .  
the best private investigator who ever lived. 
his path leads to a young, pretty paramedic named gloria sullivan. 
i can idly enjoy movies about private investigators every once in a while, a film like chinatown comes a long that blows me away no private eye has ever reached chinatown's greatness. 
it's an original, funny, and completely involving. 
but he didn't just successfully show he has created a great piece here , one that had me interested and fascinated from the first shot to the final moment . 
performance is much more layered than it might seem at first glance, and the occasional voice-over as he's going through the motions of his job are insightful and often hilarious. 
is also a very funny individual he's the kind of comedian who makes normal lines sound funny. 
i adore to be an immensely funny and witty film 
humor is of the best kind, and mostly dialogue-driven though there are some great visual jokes. 
it's the kind of humor that's funny even after you've seen it five or six times . 
an how that makes him such a great detective . 
i find things funny that many.
people near me in the theater laughing uproariously through this 
i found this out after seeing the film , and i can't remember ever being so impressed. 
his direction is stylish without being pretentious, and his writing is mature, full, and developed . 
zero effect is the kind of film that i'll buy for my collection -- smart, original films like this are rare as it is, but this one actually has a heart and a soul. 
at the end of the film , i was involved in the characters , and i was satisfied with the outcome . 
with undeniable talent at such a young age , all i can do is hope to see a lot more from him in the future .  
the humor especially works well in this case , for the story is so preposterous that the laughs help to keep things from taking things too seriously . 
but there's no argument that the more unbelievable sequences are original and entertaining as hell.
jackson and davis make a good team. 
jackson is funny as ever as ever in fact , his spirited line deliveries , especially when he first appears. 
what makes her so effective and why she should succeed where she doesn't take herself too seriously . 
she is obviously in on the joke.
slyly taking jabs at herself and at the situation . 
but should the public embrace a kick-ass female, could have found her special niche. 
tim burton has directed a number of entertaining and groundbreaking films over the years. 
is perhaps his best-known and led to a string of less successful sequels . 
seasoned film fans , including myself , will smile at their inclusion in this film . 
not only does it have a sense of history, but burton's skillful use of setting and mood make this an entertaining exercise in horror. 
she's a good witch too how cute. 
the two actors , however , carry the movie well enough , but the supporting cast is what makes this movie shine . 
veteran actors such as jeffrey jones and michael gough are terrific. 
andrew kevin walker wrote the screenplay . 
he's the one who also wrote 8 mm and seven. 
walker is quickly becoming one of the premiere suspense writers in hollywood , and sleepy hollow certainly doesn't hurt his growing reputation . 
if you're looking for a good scare , however , sleepy hollow is definately recommended .  
thrilling audiences with both an incredible grasp of acrobatics and martial arts and a wonderful sense of comedy . 
to be honest , i think that early jackie chan movies are something of an acquired taste. 
after having seen more films like it , it's kind of grown on me .
the fight scenes , particularly those toward the end of the film , are unparallelled in most american films . 
whether jackie wins or loses , it's really something to see.
it's often as funny as anything, too . 
and funny is the other thing jackie chan is very , very good at . 
but they're still hilarious as ever . 
likewise, jackie has a _great_ supporting cast, many of whom were also in other early jackie films, and they're often the source of plenty of hilarity on their own. 
and a sequel fifteen years later, was the drunken-style kung fu. genuine or not, i have to admit , there's just something incredibly fun about watching a fellow who looks utterly sloshed wading.
not just martial arts , it's the kind of martial arts that makes you stop and go whoa!
it's much more " real " than chuck norris or jean-claude van damme, it just awesome. 
you might very well like it . 
there are plenty of other early jackie films around , but these are typically either in dubbed , pan-and-scanned form or else import tapes priced for rental instead of purchase . 
thankfully , at least , is available in the aspect ratio in which it was meant to be seen , at a very affordable price . 
you can enjoy the martial arts choreography while making fun of the dialogue. 
comes highly recommended by this reviewer . 
if you choose to watch i really hope you enjoy it , and i hope it starts to open your eyes to the wonderful world of asian cinema that's out there . 
all in all , i give this film an positive 
daylight is a great movie . 
then , 30 minutes into the movie , boom ! 
most all the action is plausible and will hold you at the edge of your seat . 
there are a few melodramatic parts here , but , they tend to work out well . 
there is no general antagonist in this film , but the action and suspense makes you forget all about that . 
daylight is a great film , i saw a non-matinee showing of it , and i thought it was worth every penny . 
the characterizations are mostly flat , one dimesional , but they have enough in them to get you to care for some of the characters . 
rob cohen does a great job with this film .  
when " frequency " gets cooking, it's a riveting little thriller, even if it is confusing. 
what matters to a film like this is if the plot makes sense in the moment, and " frequency " works as long as it keeps moving. 
the film manages to be engaging despite the logical confusion. 
i liked many of the creative touches: the split screens , allowing us to see how the universe is being affected in both realities , and the greater framework of baseball to drive the action forward . 
admittedly , this device may only be of interest to a baseball fan like myself .
i even liked the final scene , which features frank and john both fighting the same man simultaneously in different time periods . 
it does make sense if you think about it and give the script a lot of leeway , and let's face it, it's a darn cool way to end the film . 
there are enough surprises and plot twists in " frequency " to keep you on your toes , and as a result the movie avoids growing stagnant . 
the other major thing to appreciate about " frequency " is the handling of the father-son relationship . 
quaid and caviezel carry off their parts easily ; it's a rock-solid job from both actors . 
we do care , because we like the lead actors . 
i also liked some of the supporting cast members . 
elizabeth mitchell gets stuck with two roles , still performs admirably . 
braugher strikes the perfect facial expression here, simultaneously dismayed and amused. 
perhaps the only thing i liked about " frequency " is the overly sentimental coda. 
but that's only because the film had already earned a poignancy without resorting to tactics . 
blade is based on the comic book character of the same name and has that comic book kind of feel to it . 
it is a very stylish movie and for the most part that style works very well . 
the ideas behind blade are good , as is the basic plot of the story . 
i personally thought that this whole secret corporate world run by vampires to be a very clever idea , and a great addition to the movie . 
it's up to blade to see that this doesn't transpire . 
the story is a relatively one , but it is fun none the less . 
the movie is played for fun and nobody seems to think otherwise . 
blade's production values are as slick as any that you will find in your typical summer blockbuster . 
the sequences between blade and his vampire targets are incredibly well done . 
blade is a fun movie with an interesting take on the genre . 
what blade excels at is bringing the classic lore of the into the next century with a fresh outlook on life . 
very cool .
talking of carrey , he's perfect in this movie , enjoying the best role in his career . 
his character is a re-inforced stanley ipkiss from the mask ( 1994 ) and is completely suited to carrey's persona . 
he occasionally falls into ace ventura mode , shrieking and being silly , but generally the audience is watching subdued carrey . 
he is completely dramatic like the film promises. 
ed harris brings an extreme intensity to christoff , the megalomaniac creator of the show . 
the supporting cast is excellent , and the town of seahaven looks delightfully perfect , so perfect. 
the philip glass soundtrack is also superb , and is used to great effect during the film. 
also , concerning the ending , it is slightly reserved , which was good anyway . 
the screenwriter , andrew niccol , who bought us gattaca ( 1997 ) delivers an entertaining script , and manages to keep the plot in trim . 
while christoff's plans to keep truman in do get increasingly silly , they never go over the line , which would have been easy for niccol to do . 
also , there's some funny gags involving product placement and the people who watch the show . 
overall , the truman show is excellent entertainment . 
it offers something to every member of the audience , and you would almost certainly come out happy . 
overall rating 10
on yet another hand , i also found it difficult to completely sympathize with francie during his more emotional scenes because some of his , for lack of a better word , " deeds are so incredibly shocking in their and the glee in which he performs them . 
think heavenly creatures played largely for laughs , and you'll sort of understand . 
anchoring the whole film is the astonishing debut performance of owens ; love francie or hate him , you cannot take your eyes off of owens . 
the butcher boy truly is a twisted , usual film that is bound to make just about anyone comfortable . 
in the lobby after the screening , i overheard one man raving about how great yet disturbing it was " that movie was so funny ! " 
michael jordan , on winning his first nba championship in 1991 . 